In recent years, there is a significant interest in correlation filtering based tracking. Under this paradigm, a correlation filter is efficiently learned online from previously obtained target regions, and the target is located according to the magnitude of the filter response over a large number of target candidates. The main strength of this paradigm is its high computational efficiency, because the target and the candidate regions can be represented in frequency domain and manipulated by fast Fourier transform (FFT), which yields _inline_eq_ computational complexity for a region of _inline_eq_ pixels. For this reason, extensive real-time trackers _cite_ have been proposed within the correlation filtering paradigm. Specifically, a correlation filter is learned from previously obtained target regions to approximate an expected filter response, such that the peak of the response is located at the center of the target region. The response used in previous methods is often assigned to be of Gaussian shaped, which is treated as a continuous version of an impulse signal. For this reason, the learned filter is encouraged to produce Gaussian shaped response. The candidate region with the strongest filter response is determined as the target. Note that the Gaussian shaped response, from a signal processing perspective, is, \ie, all the regions that deviate the same distance away from the center of the target are assigned to the same response values. However, it has been demonstrated that the anisotropic response values can significantly improve the tracking performance from a regression point of view _cite_, \eg, using the overlap rates between the training image samples and the target as the response values. Fig. _ref_ illustrates a popular approach for samples generation adopted by previous correlation filtering based trackers _cite_ . It is evident from Fig. _ref_ that the regions of interest are not continuous. This will bring challenges to the correlation filter learning if the response values of the four significantly different regions are enforced to be the same, easily leading to an overfitting. In addition, from a loss function point of view, the correlation filter is always learned under the squared loss (\ie, _inline_eq_-loss) in the previous methods. The choice for the squared loss is limited by the Parseval's identity, by which the learning problem can be exactly transferred into frequency domain. Moreover, the squared loss can lead to a closed-form solution, which guarantees the high computational efficiency. Nevertheless, the target appearance may change significantly during tracking in various challenging situations, such as occlusion and illumination variation. A robust loss function is required to reliably respond to these appearance changes, and avoid the overfitting. The squared loss allows the filter response to fit the expected response with small errors, \ie, stochastically yields Gaussian errors with a small variance. In the presence of significant appearance changes, the errors may be extremely large in some feature dimensions, leading to an instability of the squared loss. Inspired by the previous success, an of the filter response is exploited in this work by means of an adaptive learning approach via robust loss functions, including _inline_eq_-, _inline_eq_-, and _inline_eq_-loss functions. These loss functions will increase the robustness, since they allow large errors in the filter learning in the presence of significant appearance changes. As a result, three real-time trackers are proposed in this study, and it is demonstrated how the loss functions essentially influence the tracking performance. An interesting observation is obtained from the experimental results, which can be taken as a reference criterion in designing a robust correlation filter for visual tracking: the sensitivity of the peak values of the filter in successive frames is consistent with the tracking performance. The proposed algorithms are evaluated by extensive experiments on a popular benchmark _cite_, and they outperform the competing counterparts.