Brain imaging techniques, such as, functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) have facilitated the researches to understand the functions of human brain using machine learning algorithms _cite_ . In traditional approaches, such as Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis (MVPA), the aim was to discriminate cognitive tasks from the fMRI data itself without forming brain graphs and considering relationship between nodes of graphs. Moreover, Independent Component Analysis (ICA) and Principal Component Analysis (PCA) have been applied to obtain better representations. In addition to feature extraction methods, General Linear Model (GLM) and Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) have been used to select important voxels _cite_ . None of these approaches take into account the massively connected network structure of the brain _cite_ . Recently, use of deep learning algorithms have also emerged in several studies _cite_ to classify cognitive states. Most of these studies mainly focus on using deep learning methods to extract better representations from fMRI data for brain decoding. Several studies form brain graphs using voxels or anatomical regions as nodes and estimate the edge weights of brain graphs with different approaches. Among them, Richiardi et al. _cite_ have created undirected functional connectivity graphs in different frequency subbands. They have employed Pearson correlation coefficient between responses obtained from all region pairs as edge weights and use these edge weights to perform classification in an audio-visual experiment. Brain graphs, constructed using pairwise correlations and mutual information as edge weights, have been used to investigate the differences in networks of healthy controls and patients with Schizophrenia _cite_ or Alzheimer's disease _cite_ . Yet, these studies consider only pairwise relationships while estimating the edge weights and ignore the locality property of the brain. Contrary to pairwise relationships, a number of studies have estimated the relationships among nodes within a local neighborhood. Ozay et. al. _cite_ and Firat et al. _cite_ have formed local meshes around nodes and constructed directed graphs as ensembles of local meshes. They have applied Levinson-Durbin recursion _cite_ to estimate the edge weights representing the linear relationship among voxels and have used these weights to classify the category of words in a working memory experiment. Similarly, Alchihabi et al. _cite_ have applied Levison-Durbin recursion to estimate the edge weights of local meshes of dynamic brain network for every brain volume in Complex Problem Solving task and have explored activation differences between sub-phases of problem solving. While these studies conserve the locality in the brain, construction of a graph for every time instant discards temporal relationship among nodes of the graph. Onal et al. _cite_ have formed directed brain graphs as ensemble of local meshes. They have estimated the relationships among nodes within a time period considering the temporal information using ridge regression. Since the spatially neighboring voxels are usually correlated, linear independence assumption of features required for closed form solution to the estimation of linear relationship among voxels is violated. This may result in large errors and inadequate representation. Since the aforementioned studies form local meshes around each node separately, associativity is ignored in the resulting brain graphs. In this study, we propose two brain network models, namely, directed and undirected Artificial Brain Networks to model the relationships among anatomical regions within a time interval using fMRI signals. In both network models, we train an artificial neural network to estimate the time series recorded at node which represent an anatomic region by using the rest of the time series recorded in the remaining nodes. In our first neural network architecture, called directed Artificial Brain Networks (dABN), global relationships among nodes are estimated without any constraint whereas in our second architecture of undirected Artificial Brain Networks (uABN), we apply a weight sharing mechanism to ensure undirected functional connections. We test the validity of our dABN and uABN in two fMRI datasets and compare the classification performances to the other network models available in the literature. First, we employ the Human Connectome Project (HCP), task-fMRI (tfMRI) dataset, in which the participants were required to complete N different mental tasks. The second fMRI dataset contains fMRI scans of subjects solving Tower of London puzzle and has been used to study regional activations of Complex Problem Solving _cite_ . The task recognition performances of the suggested Artificial Brain Networks are significantly greater than the ones obtained with state of the art functional connectivity methods.