Object detection for unlabeled and unsegmented data points~ _cite_ is widely studied. In general, visualization and machine learning are the main issues, which are reviewed in existing studies. Machine learning is classified into two categories; supervised and unsupervised learning. In the first case, many researches have addressed the object detection with supervised methods~ _cite_ . Kevin Lai's and many other researchers work on the weighted supervised learning for object detection~ _cite_ using a hierarchical, multi views, and sparse distance learning. That method can be useful for known objects intended to be detected. Therefore, his algorithm is used for object detection of a specific item that is stored in a database in a preprocessing step such as an apple, egg, etc. Therefore, when using supervised learning for object detection, researchers focus on the accuracy of object detection and detecting known objects. On the other hand, time is very critical in real-time object detection techniques. The second category addresses the object detection problem with unsupervised learning method~ _cite_ using techniques of unsupervised learning such as K-means and spectral clustering. Most of these techniques are not sufficient for real-time applications since they do not address time complexity and memory consumption. With regard to accuracy of object detection using an RGB-D camera, an efficient method for RGB-D camera is weighted clustering since capturing by this kind of camera has more noise introduced by moving objects; thus, labels need to be updated in a few iterations that span less than a second. If we want to compare the clustering between computer graphics and other domains; data points are not changing during running time in most fields such as data mining, but data points in real-time object detection in the field of computer graphics, machine vision, and robotics are continuously changing; frame by frame and second by second. As regards to Liefeng Bo~ _cite_ who uses a dictionary for his work, this technique is very efficient for synchronized video, and also this method is fast enough for video processing with around N frames per second (FPS) . But, in real-time applications, it needs to be faster than N FPS. Weighted Unsupervised Learning such as weighted k-means~ _cite_ or many other methods~ _cite_ are implemented in different domains. Fuzzy object detection and weighted clustering is addressed and used for moving objects~ _cite_ . In N, Maddalena et al.~ _cite_ had worked on fuzzy logics and learning. That work used only pixel-by-pixel as their features, which can be very efficient for image processing. Thus, those methods never use other sensors such as depth information as a specific feature for ND, whereas Maddalena's method has many limitations for indoor capturing for ND object detection. Some other researches use Vicon system as object detection and object controlling for real-time applications, but this device cannot capture color and surface of the objects~ _cite_ ; thus, Vicon cannot be implemented as a colorful application; however, it can be an efficient method for rigid object detection that could calculate object position as the only feature. Therefore, an unsupervised and RGB-D camera method that addresses the accuracy, time-complexity, and memory consumption and colorful surface capturing simultaneously is unprecedented. Visualization is an important step in object detection for evaluating the results. Graphical Processing Unit (GPU) based application is a powerful method in the computer graphic domain, but hence not applicable in mobility applications. In general, GPU-based application needs powerful hardware; therefore, for mobility application, researchers focus more on Central Processing Unit (CPU) based applications. This paper is an extension of the authors' prior work in~ _cite_ where we used RGB-D camera and studied the Boolean version of clustering. The color space from RGB was improved to Hunter-Lab color space~ _cite_ where the Hunter-Lab color space gave smoother result of clustering in real-time application. In this paper, we use the RGB color space. We improved the clustering part by adding k weights to each data point. This improvement affects frame rate, accuracy, and memory consumption in the real-time application. We propose a real-time object detection algorithm using k weighted clusters with memory consumption that is useful for mobility application. The maximum memory needed for this algorithm is N MB for N clusters, less than one GB for N clusters, and we use multi-thread processing to improve frame rate. In short, new contributions and unique features of the proposed method in this paper are as follows. N. Weighted unsupervised learning is presented, which reduces noise for moving and small objects, has better time complexity, lower memory consumption, and higher accuracy than previous methods, N. CPU-based implementation is offered to make our method capable of mobility usage, and N. A segmentation technique is proposed to detect a user defined object.