Fashion is a product of social psychology which reflects the common aesthetics that people share with each other. Clothing is probably one of the most salient and expressive medium to construct and deliver fashion concepts. In the fast-paced modem life, the clothing fashion updates year by year, and a clothing commonly attaches a fashion-year label which indicates the year it belongs to. The knowledge on clothing fashion can guide us to dress fashionable clothes and help us avoid buying outdated ones. However, dazzled by the abundant clothing in the shop, it is often difficult for human to remember and recognize the clothing's fashion features, not to mention identifying the fashion-year label. Therefore, it makes great sense to study automatic method to recognize the clothing fashion. Using computer vision and machine learning techniques, we develop a clothing fashion recognition method and recognize the fashion-year label of a clothing automatically. This method is built upon the assumption that clothing fashions are different from year to year. We achieve this research goal by formulating the fashion-year recognition problem into a clothing-fashion classification problem. There are three stages in this method. First, visual features are extracted from the human-body parts in an image. Second, the features are encoded into feature vectors, and fed into a learning machine to train a classification model. And third, the trained model is used to predict the fashion-year labels of new clothing images. It is worth noting that this study is different from existing studies related to clothing and fashions, which are aiming at clothing retrieval~ _cite_, clothing item parsing or segmentation~ _cite_ and clothing-style recognition~ _cite_ and popularity recommendation~ _cite_ . In clothing fashion classification, human body segmentation is an indispensable step before extracting the clothing features. This is because, in most cases the clothing in the image occupies only a small part, which we call the foreground, while the image background is large and would bring significant influence to the classification. The classifier would be misled to predict the similar background rather than the similar foreground. Accurate human body masks will help in achieving the goal of fashion classification and prediction. In this work, we present a deep learning based human body segmentation method based on a deep convolutional encoder-decoder architecture (SegNet) ~ _cite_ . We improve the SegNet by fusing multi-scale convolutional features and build an end-to-end segment network while performing a peer-to-peer feature learning. Once human body masks are produced, we can conduct the fashion-year classification in the foreground region. In the classification stage, we design a lightweight deep convolutional neural network for fashion classification, and compare it with traditional classification methods that use some sophisticated hand-crafted features such as color, shape and texture descriptors. The contributions of this work lie in three-fold. First, a dataset is constructed for fashion analysis and fashion classification. The dataset contains N, N fashion photographs with human-annotated foreground masks. Second, an end-to-end human body segmentation method is presented which fuses multi-scale features in deep architecture to produce accurate human body segmentation. Third, a deep fashion classification network is proposed to predict the fashion year of a clothing. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ introduces the end-to-end human body segmentation method. Section~ _ref_ describes in detail the clothing fashion classification network. Section _ref_ reports the experiment results, followed by a brief conclusion in Section~ _ref_ .