Fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC) has received increased interest from the computer vision community in recent years. By definition, FGVC, as a sub-field of object recognition, aims to distinguish subordinate categories within an entry-level category. For example, in fine-grained flower categorization _cite_, we want to identify the species of a flower in an image, such as ``nelumbo nucifera (lotus flower), " ``tulip" or ``cherry blossom." Other examples include classifying different types of plants _cite_, birds _cite_, dogs _cite_, insects _cite_, galaxies _cite_ ; recognizing brand, model and year of cars _cite_ ; and face identification _cite_ . Most existing FGVC methods fall into a classical two-step scheme: feature extraction followed by classification _cite_ . Since these two steps are independent, the performance of the whole system is often suboptimal compared with an end-to-end system using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) that can be globally optimized via back-propagation _cite_ . Therefore, in this work, we focus on developing an end-to-end CNN-based method for FGVC. However, compared with general purpose visual categorization, there are three main challenges arising when using such end-to-end CNN-based systems for FGVC. Firstly, lack of training data . Current commonly used CNN architectures such as AlexNet _cite_, VGGNet _cite_, GoogLeNet-Inception _cite_ and ResNet _cite_ have large numbers of parameters that require vast amounts of training data to achieve reasonably good performance. Commonly used FGVC databases _cite_, however, are relatively small, typically with less than a few tens of thousands of training images. Secondly, compounding the above problem, FGVC can involve large numbers of categories . For example, arguably, it is believed that there are more than _inline_eq_ species of flowers in the world _cite_ . As a point of reference, modern face identification systems need to be trained on face images coming from millions of different identities (categories) . In such scenarios, the final fully connected layer of a CNN before the softmax layer would contain too many nodes, thereby making the training infeasible. Lastly, high intra-class vs. \low inter-class variance . In FGVC, we confront two somewhat conflicting requirements: distinguishing visually similar images from different categories while allowing reasonably large variability (pose, color, lighting conditions, etc.) within a category. As an example illustrated in Fig. ref {fig: flower}, images from different categories could have similar shape and color. On the other hand, sometimes images within same category can be very dissimilar due to nuisance variables. In such a scenario, since approaches that work well on generic image classification often focus on inter-class differences rather than intra-class variance, directly applying them to FGVC could make visually similar categories hard to be distinguished. In this paper, we propose a framework that aims to address all three challenges. We are interested in the following question: given an FGVC task with its associated training and test set, are we able to improve the performance by bootstrapping more training data from the web? In light of this, we propose a unified framework using deep metric learning with humans in the loop, illustrated in Fig. ref {fig: overview} . We use an iterative approach for dataset bootstrapping and model training. In each round, the model trained from last round is used to generate fine-grained confidence scores (probability distribution) for all the candidate images on categories. Only images with highest confidence score larger than a threshold are kept and put into the corresponding category. Then, for each category, by comparing with exemplar images and category definitions, human labelers remove false positives (hard negatives) . Images that pass the human filtering will be included into the dataset as new (vetted) data. Finally, we re-train our classification model by incorporating newly added data and also leveraging the hard negatives marked by human labelers. The updated model will be used for the next round of dataset bootstrapping. Although we focus on flower categorization in this work, the proposed framework is applicable to other FGVC tasks. In order to capture within-class variance and utilize hard negatives as well, we propose a triplet-based deep metric learning approach for model training. A novel metric learning approach enables us to learn low-dimensional manifolds with multiple anchor points for each fine-grained category. These manifolds capture within-category variances and remain discriminative to other categories. The data can be embedded into a feature space with dimension much lower than the number of categories. During the classification, we generate the categorical confidence score by using multiple anchor points located on the manifolds. In summary, the proposed framework handles all three challenges in FGVC mentioned above. Using the proposed framework, we are able to grow our training set and get a better fine-grained classifier as well.