In stroke perfusion imaging _cite_ a series of ND MR or CT images of the brain are acquired after injection of a contrast bolus. These images show the contrast agent--and hence the blood--flow in and out of the brain. As such, we have in each voxel a time series that shows the change in image intensity due the contrast agent. This intensity change can be converted to the concentration of contrast agent. This imaging modality plays a crucial role in stroke diagnosis, allowing to measure perfusion parameters such as cerebral blood flow (CBF), blood volume (CBV) and arrival time in each voxel of the brain. These perfusion parameters allow to assess to what extent the brain is affected by the stroke, distinguishing the core of the infarct (dead tissue), the penumbra (tissue at risk) and the healthy tissue. The volumes of the core and penumbra are essential to decide on the treatment plan of an acute stroke patient~ _cite_ . The native images acquired in perfusion imaging, be it CT perfusion or MR perfusion, are not directly interpretable. Typically, a deconvolution analysis is performed, where the concentration time series that are measured in each cerebral voxel (the time concentration curve or TCC), are deconvolved with the so-called arterial input function (AIF), which is the concentration time series measured in one of the large feeding arteries of the brain. The deconvolved time series are no longer influenced by the contrast injection protocol or the cardiac status of the subject. They are impulse response functions (IRF), the signal that theoretically would be measured if the injection of contrast agent where a Dirac impulse directly into the feeding artery of the brain. It has been shown that, under reasonable assumptions, the maximum of this deconvolved time series is proportional to the cerebral blood flow (CBF) . This parameter is strongly predictive for the health of the tissue and is currently used in clinical practice to identify the infarct core: voxels with a CBF less than N \% compared to the other side of the brain are considered to be core _cite_ . The time when the deconvolved time series reaches its maximum, is called Tmax, and increased values are indicative for tissue is at risk. A threshold of N seconds is currently clinically used to determine the perfusion lesion (i.e. the combined core and penumbra) of the infarct _cite_ . Indeed, deconvolution plays a central role in perfusion analysis. However, deconvolution is a mathematically ill-posed problem, and given the relatively low signal to noise ratio of perfusion images, a successful implementation of perfusion analysis requires duly attention to this problem. First, there is need for proper preprocessing: motion correction, temporal and spatial smoothing, and possibly spatial downsampling. Second, the deconvolution is regularized, suppressing the high frequency signal in the reconstructed impulse response function. This is typically done in singular value decomposition (SVD) based deconvolution by regularizing the singular values, e.g. using Tikhonov regularization. Nevertheless, the deconvolution-based perfusion parameters remain noise sensitive and research for improved algorithms _cite_ or even deconvolution-free summary parameters _cite_ remains ongoing. Recently, several works have proposed to use machine learning techniques to estimate, based on the perfusion and treatment parameters, how the final infarct will look _cite_ . However, all these approaches first perform a deconvolution analysis--which suffers from the earlier mentioned problems--and then use the perfusion parameters as input features for the machine learning algorithms. One notable exception is _cite_ who use both the perfusion parameters and the native measurements as input to their method. In this work, we show on simulated data that a neural network can learn to perform this deconvolution and achieve more accurate estimations of CBF and Tmax than a state of the art deconvolution technique can. Additionally, we show how a perfusion specific data augmentation can be used to learn this deconvolution from a relatively small number of training samples. Knowing that a neural network is able to learn how to perform the deconvolution, opens possibilities for new research, where the final infarct is predicted directly from the native images, bypassing the standard deconvolution as a preprocessing step.