Glaucoma is one of the major leading causes of blindness among eye diseases, predicted to affect around N million people by N~ _cite_ . Unlike other eye diseases such as cataracts and myopia, vision loss from glaucoma cannot be reversed. Early screening is thus essential for early treatment to preserve vision and maintain life quality. However, many glaucoma patients are not aware of their condition~ _cite_ . That is why glaucoma is also called the ``silent theft of sight'', as shown in the bottom row of Fig.~ _ref_ . Clinically, there are three examinations practiced to screen glaucoma: intraocular pressure (IOP) measurement, function-based visual field test, and optic nerve head (ONH) assessment. IOP is an important risk factor but not specific enough to be an effective detection tool for a great number of glaucoma patients with normal tension. Function-based visual field testing requires specialized perimetric equipment not normally present in primary healthcare clinics. Moreover, the early glaucoma often does not have visual symptoms. ONH assessment is a convenient way to detect glaucoma early, and is currently performed widely by trained glaucoma specialists~ _cite_ . Manual ONH assessment by trained clinicians is time-consuming and costly. Thus, an automatic method is necessity for screening. One popular ONH assessment method is based on the measurement of clinical parameters, such as the vertical cup to disc ratio (CDR) ~ _cite_, rim to disc area ratio, and disc diameter~ _cite_ . Among them, CDR is well accepted and commonly used by clinicians. As shown in the top row of Fig.~ _ref_, the CDR is calculated by the ratio of vertical cup diameter (VCD) to vertical disc diameter (VDD) . In general, a larger CDR suggests a higher risk of glaucoma and vice versa. For automatic screening, measurement-based methods have been proposed~ _cite_, which segment the main structure (e.g., optic disc and optic cup) first, and then calculate the clinical measurement values to identify the glaucoma cases. For example, a superpixel-based classifier with various handcrafted visual features is utilized to extract the optic disc and cup regions~ _cite_ . The CDR value is then calculated based on the segmented regions. In~ _cite_, a CDR assessment using fundus image is proposed, where a sparse dissimilarity-constrained coding approach is employed to consider both the dissimilarity constraint and the sparsity constraint from a set of reference discs with known CDRs. The reconstruction coefficients are used to compute the CDR for the testing disc. Recently, the deep learning based techniques have been also introduced to segment the fundus image. A multi-label deep network is proposed in~ _cite_ to segment the optical disc and cup jointly. Then the CDR is accordingly calculated to verify the glaucoma detection. However, these measurement-based methods rely heavily on the segmentation accuracy, which are easily affected by pathological regions and low contrast quality. Moreover, some clinical measurements identify a wider set of image properties, some of which are unrelated to what clinicians seem to recognize as relevant. In contrast, learning-based methods have been recently proposed to utilize the various visual features from the fundus image and screen the glaucoma disease directly through a learned classifier~ _cite_ . The extracted visual features could explore more image relevant information, and have more representation capacity than clinical measurements. Noronha et al. ~ _cite_ proposed an automated glaucoma diagnosis method using higher order spectra cumulants extracted from Radon transform applied on digital fundus images. Besides, Acharya et al. ~ _cite_ proposed a screening method using various features extracted from Gabor transform applied on digital fundus images. Deep learning techniques have been recently demonstrated to yield highly discriminative representations that have aided a considerable number of computer vision applications~ _cite_ and medical image analysis areas~ _cite_ . For example, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) learn hierarchical features from raw image data and are demonstrated to achieve a high performance on retinal vessel detection~ _cite_ . For glaucoma detection, works in~ _cite_ applied deep learning systems to detect glaucoma from fundus images directly. However, these methods merely focus on optic disc region limited contextual information contained in the patch, and thus ignore the global information from the whole fundus image. The accuracy of optic disc region cropping disturbs the detection performance. In this paper, we propose a glaucoma screening network for the fundus image with the following aspects: To address these, we propose a novel Disc-aware Ensemble Network (DENet) for automatic glaucoma screening, which contains four deep streams corresponding to various levels and modules of the fundus image, as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The first one is a global image stream, which represents the global fundus structure on image level, and works as a classification on the fundus image directly. The second one is a segmentation-guided network, which detects the disc localization from the whole fundus image and embeds the disc segmentation representation to detect glaucoma at the image level. The third stream is based on the local disc region, which produces the screening probability from the disc region level. The final stream focuses on disc region with polar transformation, which enlarges the disc and cup structure with the geometry operation and improves the screening performance. Finally, all the outputs of these deep streams are combined to obtain the final screening result. Our proposed DENet is an automatic system for the whole fundus image that includes disc detection and glaucoma screening, and uses the hierarchical representations on different levels (global image and disc region) and modules (Cartesian and Polar coordinates) . For evaluation, we test our method on two clinical datasets, the SCES dataset and a new collected SINDI dataset. The experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on glaucoma screening. The main contributions of this paper are as follows: