Human skull identification is a challenging problem of vital importance in forensics and law enforcement, which involves matching a skull image with gallery face images (Figure _ref_) . Unidentified skulls often result in unrest with the law enforcement officials and family of the victim. For instance, in N, skeletal remains (including a skull) were found in North Creek, just above Virginia _cite_ . Forensic experts were able to predict an age-range, gender, and ethnicity of the skull, however, the identity remains unknown. Efforts were made to investigate missing person reports around that area, and other unsolved cases. Retired police chief, Kurt Wright, who worked on the case, mentioned ``This has always just kind of nagged at me for some reason, and I wanted some closure to it'' _cite_ . In N, the case was again publicized in news to look for fresh leads; however, the case remains unsolved. As shown in Figure _ref_, skull identification is primarily performed by means of a manual reconstruction approach. That is, given a skull image, a facial reconstruction is created which is then circulated via digital or print media, or matched with a given gallery of digital face images. The techniques for facial reconstruction can broadly be divided into three categories: (i) N-D reconstruction, (ii) N-D reconstruction, and (iii) superimposition. N-D reconstruction techniques construct a N-D face image from a given skull image, whereas N-D reconstruction constructs a N-D face, using either Computer Graphics or via clay or sculptures. Superimposition refers to the task of superimposing a digital face image over a skull, and analyzing its alignment accuracy. This technique is generally applied when the forensic experts have a small subset of possible identities to be verified against a given skull. Traditionally, the successful application of the above techniques require at least a couple of days to a couple of weeks, along with collaboration between forensic artists and anthropologists. In this research, we propose to automate the process of skull identification. If a completely intact skull is found, it may enable the law enforcement agencies to determine its identity without performing the facial reconstruction. With the availability of a skull recognition algorithm, the search for the identity of a skull can extend beyond the immediate location in a fast, effective, and automated manner. Skull identification can be viewed as a heterogeneous matching problem, where one domain corresponds to skull images, while the second contains digital face images. Figure _ref_ shows different heterogeneous face matching problems explored in literature along with a sample skull to digital face matching scenario. It can be observed that the information content of digital face images varies significantly from that of the skull image. Heterogeneous face matching has received significant attention in literature, in terms of low resolution face matching, or sketch to face matching, or visible to near infrared (NIR) face matching _cite_ . However, the task of automated skull recognition has received limited attention _cite_ . Most of the existing algorithms focus on the task of facial reconstruction _cite_ by means of superimposition, that is, scenarios having the availability of a small subset of possible identities for a given skull. Besides reconstruction, researchers have also focused on automating the task of matching N-D CT head scans with a gallery of digital images _cite_ . While this is a viable option to perform matching, it incurs the overhead charge of conducting a CT head scan, and the inherent assumption that the skull found can be used for scanning. A model for automated skull recognition without the need of reconstructions or scans has been proposed by Nagpal et al. _cite_ . The authors also proposed a publicly available IdentifyMe dataset consisting of N skull images, along with Semi-supervised transform learning (SS-TL) and Unsupervised transform learning (US-TL) models for skull to digital face image matching. Existing algorithms for skull recognition rely either on the availability of CT head scans or require learning a large number of parameters. Given the availability of limited training samples, this might result in over-fitting and thus lower the identification performance on unseen probes. In order to address these limitations, this research proposes a novel Shared Transform Model (Figure _ref_), which learns a single ``shared transform'' for both skulls and digital face images, while reducing the intra-class variations. Experimental results on the publicly available skull dataset, IdentifyMe _cite_ demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed model for the task of skull to face matching.