perception is a key task in mobile robot and intelligent vehicle operation. In the past decade, significant progress has been made, mainly due to increased computational power that has unlocked deep learning-based approaches for real-time usage, such as semantic segmentation _cite_ and object detection _cite_ . However, it can be argued that, for higher levels of robot and vehicle autonomy, perception and the incorporation of information derived from perception into a consistent world-model, is still a bottleneck. In this work, we therefore research and evaluate the usage of semantic occupancy grid maps, as a means for end-to-end learning of monocular input data to form a world-model. A world-model typically consists of multiple conceptual layers _cite_, e.g. layers of dynamic objects, permanent static objects, and movable static objects. Furthermore, one can distinguish layers that contain a priori knowledge from the environment, e.g. a global topological map, and layers that are estimated locally while the vehicle is traversing the environment. An occupancy grid map is particularly well-suited to represent the local free-space around the vehicle that is estimated in real-time from sensory input. This is also how we use it and we extend it with three different semantic sub-classes for free-space, namely road, sidewalk, and terrain, besides the usual non free-space class. A particular branch of deep learning research focuses on convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which have significantly advanced computer vision in the past decade _cite_ . At a specific intermediate layer in CNNs, the feature map contains the semantic abstraction of the pixels as well as the inter-pixel N-D spatial relations between them. The same inter-cell relations also hold for occupancy grids, thereby CNNs are potentially well-suited for end-to-end learning of occupancy grid maps with semantics from image data, which is proposed in this work. We discuss the related work on occupancy grid maps and neural network approaches in more detail in Section II. Our approach, which is detailed in Section III, contains the following contributions: Considering the above, end-to-end learning of occupancy grids is a promising extension of, or even potentially can partially replace, traditional point-cloud processing techniques. Our approach is evaluated on Cityscapes _cite_ and KITTI _cite_ and the details on this are provided in Section IV after which our conclusions are put forward in Section V.