Image classification is one of the most fundamental problems in computer vision and pattern recognition. Recently, Deep Learning has become popular with both industry and academia. A growing number of deep learning techniques is proposed. As the development of traditional image feature (i.e. SIFT _cite_, HOG _cite_), Deep Learning can automatically learn feature from training data. A multi-layer structure can help Deep Learning Network learning more abstract semantics features in higher-layer. As usual, the Deep Learning network employs a multi-layers network construction. Cascaded multi-layers network construction could help higher-level features represent more abstract semantic of the data. In recent years, the mainstream deep learning approaches are these three: Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) _cite_ _cite_ _cite_, Deep Belief Networks (DBNs), Stacked Auto-Encoders (SAE) . A convolutional deep neural network (CNNs) architecture can be structured into two modules: feature extraction module and classifier module. Further, feature module generally comprises of ``three layers''--a convolutional filter bank layer, a nonlinear processing layer, and a feature pooling layer. And the classifier module generally comprises fully-connected hidden layers. While many variations of deep learning networks have been proposed, some researchers begin to pay more attention to the architecture of deep learning. An example of such research is PCANet _cite_ which is proposed by Yi Ma. PCANet use PCA _cite_ filter to replace the convolution filter and the binary quantization is used to replace ReLU _cite_ as the nonlinear layer. In the output layer, PCANet use the block-wise histograms of the binary codes to generate the feature, and we also can treat the block-wise histograms as the feature pooling layer. As the research further develops, researchers find the fact that the convolutional deep neural network (CNNs) has weak classification capacity in high-level layer _cite_ when compared to SVM. So SVM has been applied to replace the high-level layer recently. However, there are still some problems to be solved. Firstly, Convolutional Neural Networks have too many parameters to set, moreover, the performance of the network depends heavily on the setting of the parameter. Secondly, there is not a specific method to classify the high signal to noise ratio images. In order to solve these problems, we propose the CSNet, which employs compressive sensing technique to deep learning network.