The modern pipeline for stereo matching, which achieves state of the art results on the most challenging benchmarks, contains a deep neural network for computing the matching score, and a few heuristic post-processing steps. The main goal of these processing steps is to incorporate spatial information in order to verify the plausibility of the proposed matching and to selectively smooth and refine the obtained results. We present methods that improve the deep matching network by incorporating, among other improvements, a variant of highway networks~ _cite_ with a multilevel skip-connection structure and a gating signal that is fixed at a constant. Analysis of this architecture is provided, and experimental results are shown to support its advantages over many existing Residual Network alternatives~ _cite_ . To compute the disparity image, a second network is introduced to replace the ``winner takes all'' (WTA) rule, and is currently applied to obtain both the predicted disparity at each position and the confidence in this result as a separate output. A confidence measure for the disparity prediction has been the subject of considerable study. More generally, assessing the correctness of a CNN output is also a subject that is under magnifying glass. We propose a new training signal, which we call the {\em reflective loss} . The labels used for this loss are changing dynamically, based on the current success of the CNN on each training sample. In our case, when the disparity predicted by the network for a given example during training is correct, the target confidence label of the sample is N, otherwise N. The obtained confidence is a crucial part of the subsequent refinement step of the pipeline, in which we detect incorrect disparity predictions and replace them by interpolating neighboring pixels. The contributions of this paper are: (i) In Sec.~ _ref_ we present a new highway network architecture for patch matching including multilevel constant highway gating and scaling layers that control the receptive field of the network. (ii) This network is trained with a new hybrid loss (Sec.~ _ref_) for better use of the description-decision network architecture. (iii) Computing the disparity image by using a CNN instead of the previously suggested WTA strategy, as depicted in Sec.~ _ref_ . (iv) In Sec.~ _ref_ we introduce a novel way to measure the correctness of the output of a CNN via reflective learning that outperforms other techniques in the literature for assessing confidence in stereo matching. (v) In Sec.~ _ref_ we show how to use this confidence score for better outlier detection and correction in the refinement process. (vi) Achieving the best results on the KITTI N and KITTI N stereo data sets with an error rates of N and N, respectively, improving the N and N of the MC-CNN _cite_ baseline. (vii) Improving the fast architecture to achieve the best results on the KITTI N and KITTI N for methods that run under N seconds, with an error rate of N and N on these benchmarks, in comparison to the N and N baseline. (viii) An open source code for easily using and modifying the pipeline.