In the last few years Deep Nets have enabled enormous advances in computer vision and the study of biological visual systems. But as researchers in these areas, we find ourselves having mixed feelings about them. On the one hand, we marvel at their successes and how they have led to amazing results on some real world tasks and, in academic settings, their performance on benchmarked datasets almost always outperforms alternative approaches. But, on the other hand, we are aware of their limitations and concern about the hype that surrounds them. Several recent papers have critiqued Deep Nets from the perspectives of machine reasoning and cognitive science, arguing that though Deep Nets are useful as a tool they will need to be combined with alternative approaches in order to achieve human level intelligence. The nature of our research means that we interact with research faculty in many disciplines (cognitive science, computer science, applied mathematics, engineering, neuroscience, physics, and radiology) and the Deep Nets are a frequent topic of conversation. We find ourselves spending half the time criticizing Deep Nets for their limitations and the other half praising them and defending them against their critics (not infrequently we are confidently told that ``Deep Nets can never do xxx'' when we already know that they can) . This opinion paper attempts to provide a balanced viewpoint on the strengths and weaknesses of Deep Nets for studying vision. The organization of this article is as follows. In Section~ _ref_ we discuss the history of neural networks and its tendency to boom and bust. Section~ _ref_ describes a few of the successes of Deep Nets while also mentioning the caveats and fine print. In Section~ _ref_ we discuss the limited understanding of the internal workings of Deep Nets. Section~ _ref_ surveys their potential for helping to construct theories of biological visual systems, but also their limited relationships to real neurons and neural circuits. In Section~ _ref_ we discuss the challenges that Deep Nets are now grappling with. Section~ _ref_ is more speculative and argues that as vision researchers attempt to model increasingly complex visual tasks they will face a combinatorial explosion which Deep Nets may be unable to handle.