Most Optical Character Recognition (OCR) algorithms assume perfect segmentation of lines and words, which is not true. In Indic scripts, the presence of vowel modifiers and conjucts furthur aggrevate the errors in segmentation as these modifiers are present in the upper or lower zone. This makes the text layout dense and decreases the interline separation. This paper proposes a text recognition framework to hypothesize and verify the sequences obtained from multiple segmentation techniques using a deep BLSTM network and a language model to verify the performance of the deep neural network. In this paper we aim to find the best possible recognition of word sequences by searching sub-strings of words derived from multiple segmentation routines. We construct a hypothesize-and-verify framework in which candidate segments of word sequences derived from multiple segmentation routines are at different branches. A deep recurrent neural network is trained on perfectly segmented data and tests each of the candidate segments, generating unicode sequences. This work is an extension of the work on printed text recognition using Deep BLSTM wherein Deep BLSTM architecture for text recognition was proposed _cite_ . In the verification stage these unicode sequences are validated using a sub-string match with the language model and best first search is used to find the best possible combination of alternative hypothesis from the tree structure. The search region uses a spatial context considering the preceeding and suceeding word to find the best match. This algorithm is able to learn the sequence alignment, solving the unicode re-ordering issues. This verification framework eliminates insertion and deletion errors of the recognizer due to the sub-string match with the n-grams. This is a segmentation free script independent framework and in this paper we presents results on Oriya printed text. The language model is independently learnt on the script under recognition and character n-grams are saved. Oriya script is used due to the unavailability of OCR for this script and due to the challenges involved such as the huge number of classes and shape complexities of the script. The paper is organized as follows: Section N gives a brief review of the work done in this area, Section N presents the Deep BLSTM architecture in detail followed by Section N where the data processing and multi-hypotheses framework is discussed. The experimental results are presented in Section N followed by conclusion in Section N.