Hyperspectral imaging (HSI) is an optical acquisition technique that has broad applications in agriculture, mineralogy, manufacturing, and surveillance. It captures reflectance of light and decomposes it into hundreds or even thousands of spectral bands ranging from ultraviolet to infrared wavelength. Compared to conventional RGB imaging systems, HSI provides substantially more detailed signatures and as a result, it makes identification of more features in the subject of interest feasible, and provides much better accuracy. However, significantly more signatures lead to significantly larger datasets. Hundreds or thousands of spectral bands introduce a third dimension to the two dimensional (ND) spatial image, resulting in a three dimensional (ND) data cube. Capturing, processing and analyzing this hyperspectral data cube poses significant challenges. First, the design of hyperspectral imagers has to take into account factors such as photon efficiency, acquisition time, dynamic range, sensor characteristics and cost. The most common technique in practice is to use a line spectrometer to scan through the spatial dimensions, and this is the approach taken, for instance, in remote sensing _cite_ . Second, the hyperspectral data cube acquired can easily reach NGB in size, making data transmission and analysis difficult. This high dimensionality also limits the ability of current technology to preprocess the data (e.g. denoising) or identify the significant spectral signatures. To overcome this ``curse of dimensionality'', researchers have recently made substantial progress in applying techniques developed in compressive sensing (CS) _cite_ to HSI in order to reduce the amount of data that needs to be acquired and processed. The basic idea of CS is to utilize the special structures of the signal itself (or in a transformed domain) so that a small number of measured projections can be used to reconstruct the signal. The special structures in particular refer to the sparsity or compressibility of the signal. We say that a signal is sparse if it (or its representation in a transform domain) has only a limited number of nonzero elements. More precisely, it is _inline_eq_-sparse if it has no more than _inline_eq_ nonzero elements. A signal is said to be compressible if the signal (or its representation in a transform domain) has an exponential decay after sorting in magnitude. Under suitable conditions, a reconstruction can then be accomplished via _inline_eq_ minimization or even non-convex optimization techniques. There have been many studies in applications of CS, one of the first applications being the well-known single pixel camera _cite_, which measures a small number of random projections of an image from which it successfully reconstructs the image. Recently, substantial effort has been put into applying CS to hyperspectral imaging because the additional spectral information it provides enables a much greater range of applications, especially for classification and pattern recognition problems. For instance, August~et~al. _cite_ have proposed adding another stage to decompose the single-pixel light field from the single pixel camera into different wavelength bands and use a digital micro-mirror device (DMD) to randomly collect them. This process basically mimics the single pixel camera, but in the spectral domain. It uses the N-N random binary pattern to approximate the _inline_eq_ symmetric Bernoulli pattern (also known as the Rademacher distribution) that is often used for subsampling in CS. The sparsifying basis for reconstruction they use is the ND Haar wavelet transform. More recently, Zhang et al.~ _cite_ and Zhao and Yang~ _cite_ used more flexible approaches based on specific sparse representation dictionaries to perform HSI classification and denoising. Hahn et al.~ _cite_ adopted the idea of dictionary learning to learn a sparsifying near orthogonal basis that did not explicitly represent the endmembers. They then applied eigenvalue decomposition to find a near optimal adaptive measurement matrix and improved classification accuracy using the compressed data. In this paper, we build on the work in~ _cite_ and propose a new sampling strategy based on a sparsifying dictionary of the spectral signals learned from dictionary learning. Specifically, we first learn a sparsifying dictionary from the spectral training data using sparse coding. We then perform a singular value decomposition (SVD) on the learned dictionary and use the first _inline_eq_ left singular vectors (corresponding to singular values in descending order) as the rows of the measurement matrix to obtain the _inline_eq_ compressive measurements. These compressive measurements can then be used for reconstruction using standard CS decoding techniques. The reconstruction performance is further improved by reconditioning the sensing matrix, where a matrix balancing technique is employed.