Machine translation (MT) has been one of the most important challenges in natural language processing. Irrespective of traditional statistical machine translation (SMT) or modern neural machine translation (NMT), methods and data have always been mutually indispensable to each other. Indeed, the success of corpus-based MT is mainly dependent on the quality and scale of available parallel corpora to train MT systems. Recent state-of-the-art NMT systems have shown that translation can be surprisingly improved with sufficiently large-scale data and high computational power . On the other hand, how to prepare such corpora has remained a big problem. In some specific domains such as Web news, patents, and Wikipedia, relatively high-quality multilingual translations are made available by content holders or volunteer workers, which have been utilized by researchers for decades . However, in more general cases, it is not always possible to collect a sufficient amount of parallel data because most generic Web documents are monolingual. The human cost for preparing manual translation is quite high, and it is particularly prohibitive for minor language pairs where resources are severely limited. To tackle the situation where no or only a few parallel corpora are available, a branch of MT called pivot-based machine translation has been developed. The idea of the pivot-based approach is to indirectly learn the alignment of the source and target languages with the help of a third modality (\eg, texts in another language) . Although previous studies along this line have been mainly based on the third language, in this work, we propose a novel and more general framework to utilize arbitrary multimedia content (\eg, images) as the pivot. Nowadays, we can easily find abundant monolingual text documents with rich multimedia content as the side information, \eg, text with photos or videos posted to social networking sites and blogs. These visual media are expected to be more or less correlated to the counterpart texts following the objective of a document. Considering that we can generally understand the content of images taken in other countries regardless of our own language, visual information can be a universal representation to ground different languages. Moreover, in recent years, performance of visual recognition has been dramatically improved owing to the huge success of deep learning, where it is now considered to be on a human level for generic image recognition . We expect that these state-of-the-art visual recognition techniques are now mature enough to accurately extract language-agnostic semantics of images to help improve natural language processing (NLP) tasks. If multimedia pivot-based machine translation is established, we could possibly utilize abundant monolingual multimedia documents naturally provided by Web users to build high-performance and open-domain MT systems. Our contributions in this study are as follows: