Multi-target tracking is a classic topic of research in computer vision. Thanks to advances of object detector performance in single, still images, "tracking-by-detection" approaches that build tracks on top of a collection of candidate object detections have shown great promise. Tracking-by-detection avoids some problems such as drift and is often able to recover from extended periods of occlusion since it is ``self-initializing''. Finding an optimal set of detections corresponding to each track is often formulated as a discrete optimization problem of finding low-cost paths through a graph of candidate detections for which there are often efficient combinatorial algorithms (such as min-cost matching or min-cost network-flow) that yield globally optimal solutions (\eg, ~ _cite_) . Tracking by detection is somewhat different than traditional generative formulations of multi-target tracking, which draw a distinction between the problem of estimating a latent continuous trajectory for each object from the discrete per-frame data-association problem of assigning observations (\eg, detections) to underlying tracks. Such methods (\eg, ~ _cite_) allow for explicitly specifying an intuitive model of trajectory smoothness but face a difficult joint inference problem over both continuous and discrete variables with little guarantee of optimality. In tracking by detection, trajectories are implicitly defined by the selected group of detections. For example, the path may skip over some frames entirely due to occlusions or missing detections. The transition cost of utilizing a given edge between detections in successive frames thus could be interpreted as some approximation of the marginal likelihood associated with integrating over a set of underlying continuous trajectories associated with the corresponding pair of detections. This immediately raises difficulties, both in (N) encoding strong trajectory models with only pairwise potentials and (N) identifying the parameters of these potentials from training data. One line of attack is to first group detections in to candidate tracklets and then perform scoring and association of these tracklets~ _cite_ . Tracklets allow for scoring much richer trajectory and appearance models while maintaining some benefits of purely combinatorial grouping. Another approach is to attempt to include higher-order constraints directly in a combinatorial framework~ _cite_ . In either case, there are a large number of parameters associated with these richer models which necessitates application of machine learning techniques. This is particularly true for (undirected) combinatorial models based on, \eg network-flow, where parameters are often set empirically by hand. In this work, we introduce an extension to the standard min-cost flow tracking objective that allows us to model pairwise interactions between tracks. This allows us to incorporate useful knowledge such as typical spatial relationships between detections of different objects and suppression of multiple overlapping tracks of the same object. This quadratic interaction necessitates the development of approximate inference methods which we describe in Section _ref_ . In Section _ref_ we describe an approach to joint learning of model parameters in order to maximize tracking performance on a training data set using techniques for structured prediction~ _cite_ . Structured prediction has been applied in tracking to learning inter-frame affinity metrics~ _cite_ and association~ _cite_ as well as a variety of other learning tasks such as fitting CRF parameters for segmentation~ _cite_ and word alignment for machine translation~ _cite_ . To our best knowledge, the work presented here is unique in utilizing discriminative structured prediction to jointly learn the complete set of parameters of a tracking model from labeled data, including track birth/death bias, transition affinities, and multi-object contextual relations. We conclude with experimental results (Section _ref_) which demonstrate that the learned quadratic model and inference routines yield state of the art performance on multi-target, multi-category object tracking in urban scenes.