Human action recognition and behavior analysis based on spatio-temporal data are one of the hottest topics in the field of computer vision due to its many applications in smart surveillance, web-video search and retrieval, human-computer interfaces, and health-care. After the recent release of cost-effective depth sensors, we witness another growth of research on ND data. The introduction of ND data largely alleviates the low-level difficulties of illumination changes, occlusions, background extraction, Furthermore, the ND positions of skeletal joints will be quickly and accurately estimated from a single depth image _cite_ . These recent advances have resulted in a keen interest in skeleton-based human action recognition. The coupling of the spatial texture and the temporal dynamics is more challenging for understanding the human action than static data. The global dynamic of action sequences is usually captured by modeling the temporal variations with Linear Dynamical System (LDS) _cite_ . The traditional model treats the latent and observation state at each human skeleton as a vector. Such vector representation fails to match the structural properties of the skeleton. In the most of previous works _cite_, representation for skeleton-based action recognition usually concatenates all the attribute of skeletal joint points together to get a single vector. In contrast, we consider a skeleton as directed graph, which the nodes are joint points and edges are rigid bodies between adjacent joint points. The representation and storage of a graph are mostly used in the matrix as well as a N-order tensor. Therefore, the tensor-based time series is the most natural way for expressing human action sequences since they are multi-dimensional data objects not only capturing spatial and temporal information but also preserving higher order dependencies. These ideas pose us a new way to model and compare action sequence dynamics. In order to keep the original spatio-temporal information of an action video, and improve the performance of human action recognition, this paper proposes a generalized LDS (gLDS) framework shown in Fig. _ref_ . First, human skeletons consisted by ND human joint points in Euclidean space are extracted from depth camera. An action video (a time series of human skeleton) is represented as a _inline_eq_-order tensor time series while each skeleton is converted to a _inline_eq_-order tensor. Based on this action representation, a tensor is decomposed into a core tensor multiplied by a matrix along each mode. Then a subspace, spanned by columns of the observability matrix of the gLDS model, can be learned by using gLDS parameters acquired with the mode-n matricization of Tucker model. Therefore, an action can be represented as a subspace corresponds to a point on a Grassmann manifold _inline_eq_ . Finally, dictionary learning and sparse coding over Grassmann manifold, have been used to perform human action classification. The contribution of the paper are the following: (N) We propose a novel skeleton-based tensor representation which not only keeps the original spatio-temporal information but also avoids the curse of dimensionality caused by the vectorization. (N) We model tensor time series utilizing gLDS model which generalizes vector-based states to tensor-based states via a multi-linear transformation. The gLDS models each tensor observation in the time series as the projection of the corresponding member of a sequence of latent tensors. (N) Compared to subspace methods _cite_ the gLDS decomposes tensor-based time series to reveal the principal components which construct human skeleton. Therefore, the gLDS model achieves higher recognition accuracy for different datasets. (N) Simulation experiments shows that proposed tensor-based representation performs better than many existing skeletal representations by evaluating it on three different datasets. We also show that the proposed approach outperforms various state-of-the-art skeleton-based human action recognition approaches. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ presents the related work. Section _ref_ briefly introduces some fundamental concepts of tensor and LDS. Section _ref_ elaborates gLDS and describes how gLDS parameters are learned in the tensor time series. Section _ref_ presents our experimental results and discussion and Section _ref_ concludes this paper.