Intelligent transportation systems require interdisciplinary efforts including computer vision, machine learning, robotics, psychology, and control theory. It is challenging to drive in real world because decisions need to be made with incomplete information and diverse situations. Moreover, modeling uncertain behaviors of road users is still unsolved. Towards this goal, we collected a naturalistic driving dataset, which will appear in CVPR'N main conference~ _cite_ The total size of the dataset is N video hours with the predefined driving behaviors annotated. We defined a N-layer scheme to annotate driver behaviors including tactical driver behaviors and interactive behaviors between the drivers and traffic participants. More details of the annotation and definition of driver behaviors will be provided in the supplementary material. Note that driving behaviors are a combination of driver behaviors, the interactive behaviors between driver and traffic participants, and traffic participants' behaviors. In this paper, we focus on detecting tactical driver behaviors as in~ _cite_ . Manual annotation of driving behaviors is time-consuming and expensive. To minimize human efforts, automatic detection mechanism is necessary. While supervised learning is a common approach to address the problem, it suffers from when labeled data is scarce. This issue is presented in the collected dataset. Specifically, the dataset has the following three challenges. First, predefined driving behaviors are sparse. Only N \% of data is labeled. Most of the time, drivers are doing "going straight, " "stopping for red light, " and "parking." Second, the distribution of driving behaviors is long-tail. For example, we observe more "turning" than "U-turn." Third, a huge intra-class variation is observed. For instance, a "turning right" is different from a "turning right while yielding a group of pedestrians." We leverage recent advances in self-supervised learning for structure from motion~ _cite_, supervised learning for semantic segmentation~ _cite_, imbalance class distribution handling~ _cite_, and multimodal fusion~ _cite_ to address aforementioned issues. The proposed algorithm is presented.