The rapid development of human activity recognition systems for applications such as surveillance and human-machine interactions _cite_ brings forth the need for developing new learning techniques. Learning using privileged information (LUPI) _cite_ has recently generated considerable research interest. The insight of LUPI is that one may have access to additional information about the training samples, which is not available during testing. Despite the impressive progress that has been made in recognizing human activities, the problem still remains challenging. First, constructing a visual model for learning and analyzing human movements is difficult. The large intra-class variabilities or changes in appearance make the recognition problem difficult to address. Finally, the lack of informative data or the presence of misleading information may lead to ineffective approaches. We address these issues by presenting a probabilistic approach, which is able to learn human activities by exploiting additional information about the input data, that may reflect on auxiliary properties about classes and members of the classes of the training data (Fig. _ref_) . In this context, we employ a new learning method based on hidden conditional random fields (HCRFs) _cite_, called LUPI-HCRF, which can efficiently manage dissimilarities in input data, such as noise, or missing data, using a Student's t-distribution. The use of Student's t-distribution is justified by the property that it has heavier tails than a standard Gaussian distribution, thus providing robustness to outliers _cite_ . The main contributions of our work can be summarized in the following points. First, we developed a probabilistic human activity recognition method that exploits privileged information based on HCRFs to deal with missing or incomplete data during testing. Second, contrary to previous methods, which may be sensitive to outlying data measurements, we propose a robust framework by employing a Student's t-distribution to attain robustness against outliers. Finally, we emphasize the generic nature of our approach to cope with samples from different modalities.