In traditional machine learning methods, we usually use a loss function to compare the true class label of a data point against its predicted class label. By optimizing the loss functions over all the training set, we seek a optimal prediction function, named a classifier _cite_ . For example, in support vector machine (SVM), a hinge loss function is minimized, and in linear regression (LR), a logistic loss function is used _cite_ . However, when we evaluate the performance of a class label predictor, we usually consider a tuple of data points, and use a complex multivariate performance measure over the considered tuple of data points, which is different from the loss functions used in the training procedure significantly _cite_ . For example, we may use area under receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) as a multivariate performance measure to evaluate the classification performance of SVM. Because SVM class label predictor is trained by minimizing the loss functions over training data points, it cannot be guaranteed to minimize the loss function corresponding to AUC. Many other multivariate performance measures are also defined to compare a true class label tuple of a data point tuple against its predicted class label tuple, and they can also be used for different machine learning applications. Some examples of the multivariate performance measures are as F-score _cite_, precision-recall curve eleven point (PRBEP) _cite_, and Matthews correlation coefficient (MCC) _cite_ . To seek the optimal multivariate performance measures on a given tuple of data points, recently, the problem of multivariate performance measure optimization is proposed. This problem is defined as a problem of learning a hyper-predictor for a tuple of data points to predict a tuple of class labels. The hyper-predictor is learned so that a multivariate performance measure used to compare the true class label tuple and the predicted class label tuple can be optimized directly. Some methods have been proposed to solve the problem of multivariate performance measures. For example, In this paper, we try to investigate the usage of sparse coding in the problem of multivariate performance optimization. Our work is inspired by the work of multivariate performance optimization using multiple kernel learning proposed by Wang, et al. _cite_ . The work in _cite_ is a original contribution of major significance, because for the first time, it proposed to map the data into another space to learn a more effective predictor in the new space for multivariate performance measure optimization. Specifically, it uses multiple kernel learning _cite_ to map the input data to a new space, and then learns a new predictor to optimize the desired multivariate performance measure. Our work also follows this strategy, but our work uses sparse coding to map the original input data to a new sparse code space, instead of using multiple kernel learning. Moreover, our method also learns a new predictor in the new space to optimize the multivariate performance measure. Sparse coding is an important and popular data representation method, and it represent a given data point by reconstructing it with regard to a dictionary _cite_ . The reconstruction coefficients are imposed to be sparse, and used as a new representation of the data point. Sparse coding has been used widely in both machine learning and computer vision communities for pattern classification problems. For example, Mairal et al. _cite_ proposed to learn the sparse codes and a classifier jointly on a training set. However, the loss function used in this method is a traditional logistic loss. In this paper, we ask the following question: How can we learn the sparse codes and its corresponding class prediction function to optimize a multivariate performance measure? To answer this question, we propose a novel multivariate performance optimization method. In this method, we try to learn sparse codes from the tuple of training data points, and apply a linear function to match the sparse code tuple against a candidate class label. Based on the linear function, we design a hyper-predictor to predict the optimal class label tuple. Moreover, to the loss function of the desired multivariate performance measure is used to compare the prediction of the hyper-predictor and the true class label tuple, and minimized to optimize the multivariate performance measure. The contributions of this paper are of two folds: This paper is organized as follows. In section _ref_, we introduce the proposed multivariate performance measure optimization method. In section _ref_, the proposed method is evaluated experimentally and compared to state-of-the-art multivariate performance measure optimization methods. In section _ref_, the paper is concluded with future works.