Active sensors (i.e., radar) can provide autonomous systems with a rich representation of the physical world, which can be used to augment the information collected from traditional static sensors (i.e., cameras) . As a radio frequency sensor, radar offers unique capabilities to accurately measure physical attributes that other sensors cannot, such as range to target, radial velocity, and other physical characteristics~ _cite_ . Radar can be used to help with scene characterization and automatic target recognition (ATR) to classify different detected targets (e.g., cars, pedestrians, obstacles) in the presence of different types of clutter (buildings, trees, other noise sources) . ATR using Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is a common radar application for classifying targets using a sensor mounted on moving vehicles such as aircraft and automobiles. ATR has long been performed with handcrafted features~ _cite_, an approach that has begun to give way to data-driven approaches following the success of deep learning architectures in image classification~ _cite_ . However, recent applications of these techniques to radar problems do not explicitly account for the rich physical properties of the signals provided for classification~ _cite_ . Using simulated radio wave interactions with ND targets, we train a model that approximates the relationship between the radar signal response and underlying target class. Machine learning models have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks in which inputs to the model are purposely manipulated in order to produce erroneous results~ _cite_ . In response, numerous methods have been proposed for generating attacks, building defenses, and measuring the robustness of algorithms to adversarial perturbations~ _cite_ . SAR systems may also be susceptible to attack given the high variability of possible complex-valued signatures for a given target. This variability results from a number of factors, including diverse environments, sensor parameters, viewing geometries, clutter, target shapes and materials, all of which impact the signal returned to the radar. This variability is difficult to model, and hence difficult to incorporate into the training data for a given radar system. Further, this high variability of possible target signatures leaves opportunity for radar systems to be fooled by an adversary. In this work, we evaluate a suite of techniques for building ATR architectures that intend to be robust to adversarial attacks. The techniques we consider include conditional training based on target pose estimation, feature similarity embedding, and adversarial learning by perturbing the complex-valued target response before processing the image. We evaluate these techniques using physics-based simulations of SAR images for a target shape classification problem, and demonstrate their ability to increase the robustness (and accuracy) of our radar classifier.