Although much is known about the factors influencing healthy and diseased cardiac development, the recent availability of large scale databases such as the UK Biobank represents an excellent opportunity to extend this knowledge. The wide range of clinical information contained in such databases can be used to learn new associations with indicators of cardiac function. In this paper we propose a framework for performing such an investigation. Left-ventricular (LV) function has been traditionally assessed using global indicators such as ejection fraction and stroke volume. The main drawback of such indicators is that they do not provide localised information about ventricular function, and so their diagnostic power is limited. Motion parameters such as displacements allow for a more spatially and temporally localised assessment of LV function. Statistical cardiac motion atlases have been proposed as a way of making direct comparisons between motion parameters from multiple subjects _cite_ . We use the UK Biobank database to build a cardiac motion atlas from cine MR images using around N subjects with no known cardiovascular disease. To ensure that the estimated motion parameters are accurate, two automated quality control strategies are proposed to reject subjects with insufficient image quality. We use motion descriptors extracted from the atlas to identify relationships between cardiac function and other clinical information. Previously, several papers have tried to analyse the influence of clinical information such as smoking, alcohol and body weight on cardiovascular disease _cite_ . However, these studies were based on a limited number of factors and used relatively crude indicators of cardiac health, such as categorical variables indicating disease state. In contrast, we exploit the large scale atlas to make use of more localised motion parameters and also examine a wider range of clinical information. Contributions: Our scientific contributions in this paper are threefold. First, we present, for the first time, a large scale cardiac motion atlas built from the UK Biobank database. Second, we propose an automated quality control approach to ensure the robustness of the extracted motion descriptors. Third, we use the atlas to learn associations between descriptors of cardiac function and non-imaging clinical information. This automatic framework represents an ideal tool to further explore factors influencing cardiac health.