The contribution of this paper is a novel method for the creation of situation awareness regarding risk, i.e. dynamic risk assessment, from monocular images and disparity maps created from a stereo camera. Stereo cameras are widely used in cars nowadays and can be considered as standard _cite_ . We trained a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with supervised learning to derive the risk of a driving scene from an image of that particular scene. To achieve this, we first created a data set of driving situations in a simulation environment and annotated those situations with a risk metric. This data was then given as the input to the learning process. After the training, the CNN was able to predict the current risk of a driving situation from a camera input. This functionality can be used as a part of vehicles of higher automation levels. \indent In general, there are two main approaches followed for achieving higher automation levels: The robotics approach _cite_ and the deep learning approach _cite_ . The robotics approach is more traditional and considers the vehicle as a combination of different functions realized by sensors, control logic and actuators. This approach is the one followed mainly by the traditional car industry. The deep learning approach is very different from that. It considers the vehicle as a black box into which sensor information is fed, this information is processed by a neural network and control output as steering and throttle commands are generated by the network. This approach is the one mainly followed by new entries to the automotive market. The neural network can be trained with millions of recorded driving kilometers. The feasibility of the approach was shown in N by a team from CMU _cite_ and was repeated by a team from NVIDIA using the advances of machine learning in N _cite_ . Even though this approach is feasible, a huge and open question arises towards its dependability. It is currently a hot topic to try to understand what a neural network has learned and why decisions are made the one way or the other _cite_ . However, reliable results on those questions can probably not be expected by the time that car manufacturers want to have realized highly automated vehicles. \indent The approach presented in this paper can be used in both paradigms for the development of vehicles of higher automation levels presented above. The main and currently considered use case lies in the robotic case, where it can be used as an additional component of the functional architecture for performing a dynamic risk assessment. A further and future use case of our approach lies in the field of making the output of a neural network more understandable and thus analyzable. If the deep learning paradigm is used for achieving higher automation levels, the risk shall become an additional output of the neural network that controls the vehicle. This allows making the output of the neural network more transparent, as additional information about the network's current understanding of the environment is available. This understanding can then be plausibilized and it can be checked if the predicted control commands of the neural network match the predicted risk of the current driving scene. \indent This paper is structured as follows: In Section _ref_ we compare the presented approach to the state-of-the-art, which is-as of today-only a single comparable approach for the dynamic risk assessment based on images. Section _ref_ gives details on our approach, the data collection and the training process. Section _ref_ gives the results of the training process and the achieved performance of our approach. Section _ref_ concludes the paper.