Face alignment from images has been an active research topic since Ns. Face alignment plays an important role in many applications such as ND face reconstruction~ _cite_ and face recognition~ _cite_, because it is often used as a pre-processing step. Recently, face alignment has gained significant progress in both theory and practice. Although AAM-based approaches~ _cite_ and regression-based approaches~ _cite_ work well for face images with small poses, they usually cannot handle profile face images as they do not consider the visibility of landmarks. In recent years, several methods introduce the ND Morphable Model (NDMM) ~ _cite_ for face alignment and achieve better results~ _cite_ . Using a ND face model to compute the visibility and position of ND landmarks, these methods can handle challenging cases with large pose variation. However, the reconstruction accuracy of such methods is often insufficient. Existing approaches usually use general-purpose features such as SIFT~ _cite_ to determine the parameters of a NDMM by cascaded regression. On the one hand, NDMM shape and expression parameters are highly non-linear with image texture information, making the mapping difficult to estimate. On the other hand, SIFT type descriptors are designed based on color information of local patches, which works well for general objects but do not make use of specific priors for face images. Therefore, it is possible to achieve better alignment performance by designing a feature descriptor tailored for face images . Recently, convolution neural networks (CNN) have been successfully applied to many related tasks with state-of-the-art results. In~ _cite_, CNN are applied to improve the regression accuracy. In this paper, we propose to use CNN on face images to train a feature extraction model. For each pixel of a face image, we can use this model to extract a high-dimensional feature, which can accurately indicate the same anatomical facial point across different face images under unconstrained conditions, with better performance on many face related tasks than classical features. To train the model, we need a large number of unconstrained face images with registered ground-truth NDMM faces. However, it is not easy to obtain real face images with ground-truth ND shapes, especially for profile view face images. To solve this problem, we synthesize a large-scale face image dataset with different poses and expressions together with ground-truth ND shapes. With the well constructed training set, a novel feature learning method is proposed to extract the feature vector of each pixel such that the feature vector is distinguishable for each face part and smooth over the whole face area. Based on the trained face feature, we design a simple cascaded regression method to perform face alignment in the wild. The experimental results demonstrate that the trained deep face feature has good performance on feature matching, and the face alignment method outperforms existing methods especially on face images with large pose. In summary, the main contributions of this work include: