Cancer begins in cells _cite_, which are the building blocks of tissues. The skin and other organs of the body are made up of tissues. Based on the requirement of the body, normal cells grow and divide to form new cells. Usually new cells take the place of old or damaged cells when they die. This normal process goes wrong, if new cells form even when the body does not need them. This extra cells form a mass of tissue called a growth or tumor. Growths on the skin can be benign (not cancer) or malignant (cancer) . Benign growths are not as harmful as malignant growths. Benign growths are rarely threats to life and can be removed. Usually benign don't grow, don't intrude into the tissues around them and don't spread to other parts of the body. Malignant growths may be a threat to life, can be removed but sometimes grow back. Melanoma may intrude and damage nearby organs and tissues and may invade other parts of the body where it is very hard to treat. If detected at an early stage melanomas are curable. Generally skin cancer is screened by clinicians through visual examination. During the screening of cancer, the clinicians look for moles and other spots that are different in color from the normal skin. The rule for cancer detection is called as ABCD rule _cite_ which is given by Visual screening of clinicians for skin cancer does not guarantee N \% detection and sometimes it may lead to potential harm. Potential harm includes unnecessary procedures such as skin biopsy or excision for lesions that do not turn out to be cancer or sometimes the lesions might have missed and not have gone for biopsy, resulting in death. As a result there is a clear requirement for automatic detection system for skin cancer which should be highly efficient and accurate. In this paper we propose an automatic skin cancer segmentation algorithm which partitions the skin lesions area using semi-supervised learning technique. The proposed method consist of two major steps (N) Preprocessing which removes the artifacts like hair, ink markings and illumination defects. (N) Segmentation of lesions using k-means clustering and color histogram feature.