Glioma are the most common family of brain tumors, and forms some of highest-mortality and economically costly diseases of brain cancer _cite_ . The diagnosed method is highly relayed on manual segmentation and analysis of multi-modal MRI scans by bio-medical experts. Nevertheless, this diagnosed way is severely limited by the labor-intensive character of the manual segmentation process and disagreement or mistakes between manual segmentation. Consequently, there exists a great need for a fast and robust automated segmentation algorithm. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been verified to be extremely effective for a variety of semantic segmentation tasks _cite_ . While CNN segmentation algorithms are abundant in biomedical imaging, only very few make use of nested-topological prior information. Among the few that do _cite_, we find three different approaches. First, the use of cascaded algorithms where the network consists of successive segmentation networks. Second, the information on the nested-classes is incorporated into the loss function, imposing penalties on solutions that do not respect the nested geometry relations. Third, Markov random fields are used to formalizing class relationship in the post-processing of the network output. Here, we make use of a new activation function _cite_ that is directly implementing class hierarchy in the network training and generalize it to N nested classes. For the glioma labels we assume that active tumor regions are always contained in the tumor core which is surrounded by the tumor edema, resulting in a hierarchical three-class model. In sharp contrast with nested-class method, the softmax-based method of multi-class ignores the geometric prior between different classes, and assumes the classes are mutually-exclusive, meaning one pixel cannot belong to different classes at the same time, which absolutely discards the topological information and sometimes leads the unreasonable segmentation results. The comparison of Dice score criteria between two different methods is implemented and it obviously indicates the nested-class method achieves higher accuracy than the softmax-based method, especially for the internal-classes. In the following, we introduce a brief overview of start-of-the-art ND-residual U-net architecture and multi-class-nested activation and loss function. We then propose and evaluate our model architectures for Brats tumor segmentation. Finally, we implement the comparison between two main avenues and illustrate the multi-level activation performs better especially in the inter-class.