For humans and many other biological systems, it is natural to extract visual information sequentially _cite_ . Even though non-biological systems are very different, approaches that are inspired by biological systems often achieve good results _cite_ . In traditional computer vision, brute force approaches like sliding windows and region proposal methods are used to detect objects by evaluating all the proposed regions and choose the one or the ones where it is likely to fit an object _cite_, _cite_, _cite_ . We propose a sequential and hierarchical object detection approach similar to the ones proposed by _cite_ and _cite_, which is refined after every hierarchical step. Like biological visual systems, the next looked at region depends on the previous decisions and states. Our approach uses deep reinforcement learning to train an agent that sequentially decides which region to look at next. In our most sophisticated approach, the agent repetitively acts in two alternating action stages, zooming and moving, until it assumes to adequately frame an object with a tightly fitting bounding box. The actions allow to deform the bounding box enough to reach many bounding boxes of different sizes, positions and shapes. Because of the hierarchical zooming process, only a small number of region candidates must be evaluated, so that it is affordable to compute new feature maps after bounding box transformations, like in _cite_, instead of cropping from a single feature map. This results in higher spatial resolutions of the considered regions, which are therefore more informative and allow for better decision making of the agent. We consider multiple reward functions using different metrics to better guide the training process of the agent compared to using the Intersection-over-Union. With these metrics the quality of a state is evaluated and rewarded not only with respect to the fit but also to the future potential of reaching a valid detection. This leads to a speed-up in the training process and results in better detection quality.