Person Re-Identification (ReID) targets to identify a probe person appeared under multiple cameras. More specifically, person ReID can be regarded as a challenging zero-shot learning problem, because the training and test sets do not share any person in common. Therefore, person ReID requires discriminative representations to depict unseen person images. Existing approaches conquer this challenge by either seeking discriminative metrics~ _cite_, or generating discriminative features~ _cite_ . Inspired by the success of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) in large-scale visual classification~ _cite_, lots of approaches have been proposed to generate representations based on CNN~ _cite_ . For example, several works~ _cite_ employ deep classification model to learn representations. More detailed reviews on deep learning based person ReID will be given in Sec.~ _ref_ . Notwithstanding the success of these approaches, we argue that representations learned by current classification models are not optimal for zero-shot learning problems like person ReID. Most of current deep classification models learn representations by minimizing the classification loss on the training set. This conflicts with the objective of representation learning in person ReID,, gaining high discriminative power to person images. Different optimization objectives make current deep representations perform promisingly on classification tasks, but might not be optimal to depict and distinguish unseen person images. Observations from our experiments are consistent with the above discussions. As shown in Fig.~ _ref_ (a), the representations generated by deep classification model mainly focus on one body region,, the upper body, and ignore the other body parts. This seems reasonable because on the training set, the upper body conveys more distinct clothing cues than the other parts. In order to decrease the classification loss on training data, deep network tends to focus on upper body and ignore the others. However, the other body parts like head, lower-body, and foot are potential to be meaningful for depicting other unseen persons. Ignoring those parts is potential to increases the for unseen data. The above observations motivate us to study more reliable deep representations for person ReID. We are inspired by the structural risk minimization principle in SVM~ _cite_, which imposes more strict constraint by maximizing the classification margin. Similarly, we enforce the network to learn better representation with extra representation learning risk minimization. Specifically, the representation learning risk is evaluated by the proposed part loss, which automatically generates _inline_eq_ parts for an image, and computes the person classification loss on each part separately. In other words, the network is trained to focus on every body part and learn representations for each of them. As illustrated in Fig.~ _ref_ (b), minimizing the person part loss guides the deep network to learn discriminative representations for different body parts. In other words, part loss avoids overfitting on a specific body part, thus decreases the representation learning risk for unseen data. We propose part loss networks (PL-Net) structure that can be optimized accordingly. As shown in Fig.~ _ref_, part loss networks is composed of a baseline network and an extension to compute the person part loss. It is trained to simultaneously minimize the part loss and the global classification loss. Experiments on three public datasets, MarketN, CUHKN, VIPeR show PL-Net learns more reliable representations and obtains promising performance in comparison with state-of-the-arts. It also should be noted that, PL-Net is easy to repeat because it only has one important parameter to tune,, the number of generated parts _inline_eq_ . Most of previous person ReID works directly train deep classification models to extract image representations. To our best knowledge, this work is an original effort discussing the reasons why such representations are not optimal for person ReID. Representation learning risk and part loss are hence proposed to learn more reliable deep representations to depict unseen person images. The proposed PL-Net is simple but shows promising performance in comparison with the state-of-the-arts. It may also inspire future research on zero-shot learning for person ReID.