Accurate liver segmentation is a crucial prerequisite for computer-aided hepatic disease diagnosis and treatment planning~ _cite_ . If the segmentation can be performed rapidly, the results can also be used in intraoperative guidance. Manual annotation is tedious, error-prone and time-consuming. Automatic liver segmentation from Computed Tomography (CT) volumes is therefore highly demanded. However, it is quite challenging due to the large inter-patient shape variation, the low intensity contrast between liver and adjacent organs (e.g., stomach, pancreas and heart), and the existence of various pathologies (e.g., tumors, cirrhosis and cysts) . Extensive studies have been conducted to address this challenging problem. Among them, statistical deformable models were the most successful and popular methods, which utilized shape priors~ _cite_, intensity distributions~ _cite_, as well as boundary and region information~ _cite_ to describe the features of the liver and delineate its boundaries. Learning based methods have also been explored to seek powerful features, for example, AI-Shaikhli et al.~ _cite_ incorporated sparse representation into a level set formulation. However, these previous methods either relied on handcrafted features or did not take full advantage of ND spatial information. Ultimately, how to leverage volumetric contextual information and extract powerful high-level feature representations for automatic liver segmentation still remains an open problem. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs), leveraging the learned high-level features, have revolutionized natural image processing~ _cite_, and found good applications in medical image computing~ _cite_ . To sufficiently encode ND spatial information which is crucial for volumetric image analysis, ND CNNs have been very recently proposed in medical imaging community and successfully employed on brain lesion analysis applications~ _cite_ . Although these pioneer ND CNNs were not trained end-to-end and risk over-fitting with limited training data, their promising performance indeed motivates us to go deep into ND CNN and investigate more efficient and effective models for medical applications. In this paper, we propose a novel ND deeply supervised network (ND DSN) to address the challenging task of automatic ND liver segmentation. The proposed ND DSN is superior to pure ND CNN in terms of efficiency, optimization effectiveness and discrimination capability. Specifically, the ND DSN has a fully convolutional architecture, which is efficient with both learning and inference performed in an end-to-end way. More importantly, we introduce deep supervision to hidden layers, which can accelerate the optimization convergence rate and improve the prediction accuracy. Finally, based on the high-quality score map generated by ND DSN, we perform contour refinement with a fully connected conditional random field (CRF) to obtain refined segmentation results. The effectiveness of the proposed method was validated on the public MICCAI-SLiverN dataset. When compared with state-of-the-art approaches, our method achieves competitive segmentation accuracy with the best results on key evaluation measures and a much faster processing speed.