Dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) MRI involves the administration of a _inline_eq_-shortening Gadolinium-based contrast agent (CA), followed by the acquisition of successive _inline_eq_-weighted images as the contrast bolus enters and subsequently leaves the organ _cite_ . In DCE-MRI, changes in CA concentration are derived from changes in signal intensity over time, then regressed to estimate pharmacokinetic (PK) parameters related to vascular permeability and tissue perfusion _cite_ . Since perfusion and permeability are typically affected in the presence of vascular and cellular irregularities, DCE imaging has been considered as a promising tool for clinical diagnostics of brain tumours, multiple sclerosis lesions, and neurological disorders where disruption of blood-brain barrier (BBB) occurs. _cite_ . Despite its effectiveness in quantitative assessment of microvascular properties, conventional DCE-MRI is challenged by suboptimal image acquisition that severely restricts the spatiotemporal resolution and volume coverage _cite_ . The shortest possible scanning time often leads to limited spatial resolution hampering detection of small image features and accurate tumor boundaries. Low temporal resolution hinders accurate fitting of PK parameters. Furthermore, volume coverage is usually inadequate to cover the known pathology, for instance in the case multiple metastatic lesions _cite_ . Facing such severe constraints, DCE imaging can significantly benefit from undersampled acquisitions. So far, existing works in _cite_ have proposed compressed sensing and parallel imaging based reconstruction schemes to accelerate DCE-MRI acquisitions, mainly targeting to achieve better spatial resolution and volume coverage while retaining the same temporal resolution. These methods are referred to as indirect methods _cite_ because they are based on the reconstruction of dynamic DCE image series first, followed by a separate step for fitting the PK parameters on a voxel-by-voxel level using a tracer kinetic model _cite_ . More recently, a model-based direct reconstruction model _cite_ has been proposed to directly estimate PK parameters from undersampled (k, t) space data. The direct reconstruction method generally poses the estimation of PK maps as an error minimization problem. This approach has been shown to produce superior PK parameter maps and allows for higher acceleration compared to indirect methods. However, the main drawback of this method is that parameter reconstruction of an entire volume requires considerably high computation time. Motivated by the recent advances of deep learning in medical imaging, in this paper, we present a novel deep learning based approach to directly estimate PK parameters from undersampled DCE-MRI data. First, our proposed network takes the corrupted image-time series as input and residual parameter maps, which represent deviations from a kinetic model fitting on fully-sampled image-time series, as output, and aims at learning a nonlinear mapping between them. Our motivation for learning the residual PK maps is based on the observation that residual maps are more sparse and topologically less complex compared to target parameter maps. Second, we propose the forward physical model loss, a custom loss function in which we exploit the physical relation between true contrast agent kinetics and measured time-resolved DCE signals when training our network. Third, we validate our method experimentally on human in vivo brain DCE-MRI dataset. We demonstrate the superior performance of our method in terms of parameter reconstruction accuracy and significantly faster estimation of parameters during testing, taking approximately N seconds on an entire ND test volume. To the best of our knowledge, we present the first work leveraging the machine learning algorithms--specifically deep learning--to directly estimate PK parameters from undersampled DCE-MRI time-series.