Face recognition can be implemented using different modalities of face data, such as RGB images (ND) _cite_, depth images (N) _cite_ and shapes (ND) _cite_ . Since the advent of low-cost depth sensors (e.g., Kinect and RealSense), depth information has been increasingly used in many applications, including face recognition, semantic segmentation, and robot navigation, etc. It appears that depth images contain rich information that is worth human beings to explore. RGB-image-based face recognition technology has developed rapidly in the past decade thanks to the emerging deep learning techniques _cite_ . However, depth-image-based face recognition still confronts many challenging problems, e.g., noisy depth values, occlusion, pose and expression variations. Some researchers _cite_ propose to fuse multiple frames of depth images to improve the precision. Other researchers directly transform depth images to ND point clouds with an assumed camera model _cite_, and rotate the faces to frontal pose and complete the invisible areas on the faces via symmetric filling _cite_ . Although these methods achieve promising results on several benchmark databases, none of them can well cope with facial depth images with both noise in depth values and variations in pose and expression, which frequently occur in real-world applications. This paper aims to improve the depth-image-based face recognition accuracy particularly on noisy data with varying poses and expressions. To this end, we propose a deep learning (DL) based facial depth image normalization approach. Given a facial depth image of arbitrary view and expression, we first reconstruct its ND face (represented by a ND morphable model (NDMM) _cite_) via regressing its NDMM-based shape and expression parameters, then generate a pose-and-expression-normalized (PEN) depth image for the face, and finally use the PEN depth image for face recognition. Preliminary evaluation results show that our proposed method is more robust to depth noise and pose and expression variations than counterpart methods, and thus obtains better face recognition accuracy. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section N reviews related work on depth-image-based face recognition. Section N introduces in detail our proposed method, and Section N reports the experimental results. Section N finally concludes the paper.