Primary liver cancer is globally considered as the second most common cause of cancer death and is the sixth most frequent cancer in the world _cite_ . Computed tomography (CT) is the most commonly used modality for liver lesion evaluation and staging _cite_ . Manual measurement of the size of each liver lesion is the norm in routine clinical practice. However, manual liver lesion segmentation is subjective, operator dependent, poorly reproducible and time-consuming. For these reasons, there has been increasing research interest in the development of fully automated liver lesion segmentation methods. \par Traditional segmentation methods _cite_ depend heavily upon hand-crafted features and a priori knowledge of the user who will refine the segmentation. In addition, these methods usually rely on using low-level features, such as local texture that do not capture image-wide variation. Furthermore, their performance relies on correctly tuning a large number of parameters. Consequently, these methods are highly unreliable for accurate segmentation. \par Deep learning methods based on fully convolutional networks (FCN) have recently demonstrated many successes in segmentation problems _cite_ . This is primarily attributed to the ability of FCN to leverage large datasets to learn a feature representation that combines low-level appearance information in lower layers with high-level semantic information in the deeper layers _cite_ . In addition, FCN can be trained in an end-to-end manner for efficient inference, i.e., images are taken as inputs and the segmentation results are directly output. \par However, traditional FCN is based on the VGGNet _cite_ architecture, which only has N layers for training and thus has limited capacity to learn the discriminative features among different classes. In addition, it has been demonstrated that stacking extra layers results in higher training and validation errors beyond certain depths. Therefore, it is challenging to optimize very deep networks with many layers. In addition, FCN has large receptive fields in the convolutional filters and hence produces coarse outputs at the lesion boundaries. The outputs also lack smoothness, i.e., the labels of similar neighboring pixels may not agree, and therefore producing a segmentation probability maps with an inconsistent spatial appearance. Deep residual net-works (ResNet) with N, N, N or N layers have achieved state-of-the-art results in image classification and detection problems _cite_ . ResNet architectures con-sists of a number of residual blocks that bypasses (skips or shortcuts) a few convolution layers at a time _cite_ . The outputs of the shortcut connections are aggregated with the output of the convolution layers, which overcome the limitation of adding extra layers by reducing the training degradation often witnessed in very deep networks. In addition, ResNet can be considered as an ensembles of many shallow networks _cite_, where different networks are connected via these shortcuts and therefore, optimal results can be achieved by averaging the output of the different networks. \par In the ISBI N Liver Tumor Segmentation Challenge (LiTS), we exploit the deep residual networks for robust liver lesion segmentation and we introduce the following contributions: