A large portion of sales in the e-commerce domain is driven by fashion and lifestyle, which constitutes apparel, footwear, bags, accessories, etc. Consequentially, a rich user discovery experience for fashion products is an important area of focus. A differentiating characteristic of the fashion category is that a user's buying decision is primarily influenced by the product's visual appearance. Hence, it is crucial that ``Search" and ``Recommendations", the primary means of discovery, factor in the visual features present in the images associated with these items _cite_ . Traditional e-commerce search engines are lacking in this regard since they support only text-based searches that make use of textual metadata of products such as attributes and descriptions. These methods are less effective, especially for the fashion category, since detailed text descriptions of the visual content of products are difficult to create or unavailable. This brings us to the problem of image-based search or Visual Search where the goal is to enable users to search for products by uploading a picture of an item they like-this could be a dress worn by a celebrity in a magazine or a nice looking handbag owned by a friend. While it is important to find an exact match of the query item from the catalog, retrieving a ranked list of similar items is still very significant from a business point of view. A related problem is that of image-based recommendations or Visual Recommendations. A user interested in buying a particular item from the catalog may want to browse through visually similar items before finalising the purchase. These could be items with similar colors, patterns and shapes. Traditional recommender systems _cite_ that are based on collaborative filtering techniques fail to capture such details since they rely only on user click / purchase activity and completely ignore the image content. Further, they suffer from the `cold start' problem-newly introduced products do not have sufficient user activity data for meaningful recommendations. In this paper, we address the problems of both Visual Recommendations (retrieving a ranked list of catalog images similar to another catalog image) and Visual Search (retrieving a ranked list of catalog images similar to a ``wild" (user-uploaded) image) . The core task, common to both, is quantitative estimation of visual similarity between two images containing fashion items. This is fraught with several challenges, as outlined below. We start with the challenges in visual recommendation, where we deal only with catalog images. These images are taken under good lighting conditions, with relatively uniform backgrounds and the foreground is typically dominated by the object of interest. Nevertheless, there can be tremendous variation between images of the same item. For instance, image of a dress item laid flat on a surface is deemed very similar to the image of the same shirt worn by a human model or mannequin (see Figure~ _ref_) . Thus, the similarity engine must be robust to the presence or absence of human model or mannequins, as well as to different looks, complexions, hair colors and poses of these models / mannequins. Furthermore, the human notion of item similarity itself can be quite abstract and complex. For instance, in Figure~ _ref_, the two t-shirts are deemed similar by most humans because they depict a spooky print. Thus, the similarity engine needs to have some understanding of higher levels of abstractions than simple colors and shapes. That does not mean the engine can ignore low level details. Essentially, the engine must pay attention to image characteristics at multiple levels of abstraction. For instance, t-shirts should match t-shirts, round-necked t-shirts should match round-necked t-shirts, horizontal stripes should match horizontal stripes and closely spaced horizontal stripes should match closely spaced horizontal stripes. Figure~ _ref_ is an example where low-level details matter, t-shirts in the left and center are more similar compared to the left and right due to similar spacing between the stripes. In addition to the above challenges, visual search brings its own set of difficulties. Here the system is required to estimate similarities between user uploaded photos (``wild images") and catalog images. Consequently, the similarity engine must deal with arbitrarily complex backgrounds, extreme perspective variations, partial views and poor lighting. See Figure~ _ref_ for an example. The main contribution of this paper is an end-to-end solution for large scale Visual Recommendations and Search. We share the details of our model architecture, training data generation pipeline as well as the architecture of our deployed system. Our model, VisNet, is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained using the triplet based deep ranking paradigm proposed in _cite_ . It contains a deep CNN modelled after the VGG-N network _cite_, coupled with parallel shallow convolution layers in order to capture both high-level and low-level image details simultaneously (see Section _ref_) . Through extensive experiments on the Exact StreetNShop dataset created by Kiapour et al. in _cite_, we demonstrate the superiority of VisNet over previous state-of-the-art. We also present a semi-automatic training data generation methodology that is critical to training VisNet. Initially, the network is trained only on catalog images. Candidate training data is generated programmatically with a set of Basic Image Similarity Scorers from which final training data is selected via human vetting. This network is further fine-tuned for the task of Visual Search, with wild image training data from the Exact StreetNShop dataset. Details of our training data generation methodology can be found in Section _ref_ . Additionally, we present the system that was designed and successfully deployed at Flipkart, India's biggest e-commerce company with over N million users making several thousand visits per second. The sheer scale at which the system is required to operate presents several deployment challenges. The fashion catalog has over N million items with NK additions / deletions per hour. Consequently, keeping the recommendation index fresh is a challenge in itself. We provide several key insights and the various trade-offs involved in the process of building a horizontally scalable, stable, cost-effective, state of the art Visual Recommendation engine, running on commodity hardware resources.