With the booming of remote sensing techniques in the recent years, a huge volume of high resolution aerial imagery is now accessible and benefits a wide range of real-world applications, such as urban mapping _cite_, ecological monitoring _cite_, geomorphological analysis _cite_, and traffic management _cite_ . As a fundamental bridge between aerial images and these applications, image classification, which aims at categorizing images into semantic classes, has obtained wide attention, and many researches have been conducted recently _cite_ . However, most existing studies assume that each image belongs to only one label (e.g., scene-level labels in Fig. _ref_), while in reality, an image is usually associated with multiple labels _cite_ . Furthermore, a comprehensive picture of objects present in an aerial image is capable of offering a holistic understanding of such image. With this intention, numerous researches, i.e., semantic segmentation _cite_ and object detection _cite_, have emerged recently. Unfortunately, it is extremely labor-and time-consuming to acquire ground truths for these studies (i.e., pixel-wise segmentation masks and bounding-box-level annotations) . Compared to these expensive labels, image-level labels (cf. multiple object-level labels in Fig. _ref_) are at a fair low cost and readily accessible. To this end, multi-label classification, aiming at assigning an image with multiple object labels, is arising in both remote sensing _cite_ and computer vision communities _cite_ . In this paper, we deploy our efforts in exploring an efficient multi-label classification model. Benefited from the fast-growing remote sensing technology, large quantities of high-resolution aerial images are available and widely used in many visual tasks. Along with such huge opportunities, challenges have come up inevitably. On one hand, it is difficult to extract high-level features from high-resolution images. Considering its complex spatial structure, conventional hand-crafted features, and mid-level semantic models _cite_ suffer from the poor performance of capturing holistic semantic features, which leads to an unsatisfactory classification ability. On the other hand, underlying correlations between dependent labels are required to be unearthed for an efficient prediction of multiple object labels. E.g., the existence of ships infers to a high probable co-occurrence of the sea, while the presence of buildings is almost always accompanied by the coexistence of pavement. However, the recently proposed multi-label classification methods _cite_ assumed that classes are independent and employed a set of binary classifiers _cite_ or a regression model _cite_ to infer the existence of each class separately. To summarize, a well-performed multi-label classification system requires powerful capabilities of learning holistic feature representations and should be capable of harnessing the implicit class dependency. As our survey of related work shows above, recent approaches make few efforts to exploit the high-order class dependency, which constrains the performance in multi-label classification. Besides, direct utilization of CNNs pre-trained on natural image datasets _cite_ leads to a partial interpretation of aerial images due to their diverse visual patterns. Moreover, most state-of-the-art methods decompose multi-label classification into separate stages, which cuts off their inter-correlations and makes end-to-end training infeasible. To tackle these problems, in this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end network architecture, class attention-based convolutional and bidirectional LSTM network (CA-Conv-BiLSTM), which integrates feature extraction and high-order class dependency exploitation together for multi-label classification. Contributions of our work to the literature are detailed as follows: The following sections further introduce and discuss our network. Specifically, Section _ref_ provides an intuitive illustration of the class dependency and then details the structure of the proposed network in terms of its three fundamental components. Section _ref_ describes the setup of our experiments, and experimental results are discussed from quantitative and qualitative perspectives. Finally, the conclusion of this paper is drawn in Section _ref_ .