Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) _cite_ consist of alternating convolutional layers and pooling layers. Convolution layers take inner product of the linear filter and the underlying receptive field followed by a nonlinear activation function at every local portion of the input. The resulting outputs are called feature maps. The convolution filter in CNN is a generalized linear model (GLM) for the underlying data patch, and we argue that the level of abstraction is low with GLM. By abstraction we mean that the feature is invariant to the variants of the same concept _cite_ . Replacing the GLM with a more potent nonlinear function approximator can enhance the abstraction ability of the local model. GLM can achieve a good extent of abstraction when the samples of the latent concepts are linearly separable, i.e. the variants of the concepts all live on one side of the separation plane defined by the GLM. Thus conventional CNN implicitly makes the assumption that the latent concepts are linearly separable. However, the data for the same concept often live on a nonlinear manifold, therefore the representations that capture these concepts are generally highly nonlinear function of the input. In NIN, the GLM is replaced with a "micro network" structure which is a general nonlinear function approximator. In this work, we choose multilayer perceptron _cite_ as the instantiation of the micro network, which is a universal function approximator and a neural network trainable by back-propagation. The resulting structure which we call an mlpconv layer is compared with CNN in Figure _ref_ . Both the linear convolutional layer and the mlpconv layer map the local receptive field to an output feature vector. The mlpconv maps the input local patch to the output feature vector with a multilayer perceptron (MLP) consisting of multiple fully connected layers with nonlinear activation functions. The MLP is shared among all local receptive fields. The feature maps are obtained by sliding the MLP over the input in a similar manner as CNN and are then fed into the next layer. The overall structure of the NIN is the stacking of multiple mlpconv layers. It is called ``Network In Network'' (NIN) as we have micro networks (MLP), which are composing elements of the overall deep network, within mlpconv layers, Instead of adopting the traditional fully connected layers for classification in CNN, we directly output the spatial average of the feature maps from the last mlpconv layer as the confidence of categories via a global average pooling layer, and then the resulting vector is fed into the softmax layer. In traditional CNN, it is difficult to interpret how the category level information from the objective cost layer is passed back to the previous convolution layer due to the fully connected layers which act as a black box in between. In contrast, global average pooling is more meaningful and interpretable as it enforces correspondance between feature maps and categories, which is made possible by a stronger local modeling using the micro network. Furthermore, the fully connected layers are prone to overfitting and heavily depend on dropout regularization _cite_ _cite_, while global average pooling is itself a structural regularizer, which natively prevents overfitting for the overall structure.