The problem of automatic object reconstruction is very important in computer vision, as it has many potential applications in, e.g. cultural heritage and archaeology. For instance, given numerous fragments of an art masterpiece, archaeologists may spend a long time searching their correct configuration. In recent years, vision-related tasks such as classification~ _cite_, captioning~ _cite_ or image retrieval~ _cite_ have been tremendously improved thanks to deep neural network architectures, and the automatic reassembly of fragments can also be cast as a vision task and improved using the same deep learning methods. In this paper, we focus on global image reassembly. The fragments are ND-tiles and the problem consists in finding their approximated position, as shown in Figure _ref_ . To solve the problem, we build on the method proposed by Doersch et~al.~ _cite_ that proposes to train a classifier able to predict the relative position of a fragment with respect to another one. We show that solving the reassembly problem from an unordered list of fragments can be expressed as a shortest path problem in a carefully designed graph. The structure of the graph heavily depends on the properties of the puzzle such as its geometry (number of positions and their layout), its completeness (a fragment for each available positions) and its homogeneity (all fragments have a correct position in the puzzle) . Our contributions are the following. First, we propose several deep convolutional neural network architectures for predicting the relative position of a square-cropped fragment with respect to another. The crop allows us to ignore the borders of each piece and to focus on the content in order to achieve a global positioning. Second, we propose several graph construction algorithms that implement the reassembly problem corresponding to the different cases of puzzles depending on the aforementioned properties. Third, we perform extensive experiments of the different neural network and shortest path graph problem combinations on ImageNet~ _cite_ and on a new dataset composed of N, N images from the Metropolitan Museum of Art (MET) . For this new dataset, we provide a clear setup and evaluation procedure that allows future works on the reassembly problem to be compared. This paper is organized as follows: in section~ _ref_, we present related work on puzzle solving and fragment reassembly as well as relevant literature on feature combination as it is an essential step of the relative position prediction. Next, we detail our propositions for the deep neural network building block and the graph construction algorithms that correspond to the different image reassembly problems. In section~ _ref_, we present our experimental setups and analyze the results obtained for different combinations of deep neural networks and graphs.