Angiodysplasia (AD) is the most common vascular lesion of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract in the general population . This condition may be asymptomatic, or it may cause gastrointestinal bleeding or and anemia . Small bowel angiodysplasia may account for N-N \% of cases of GI bleeding of obscure origin (OGIB) . In a retrospective colonoscopic analyses study, it was shown that N _inline_eq_ of N persons without symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and N \% of those with IBS had colonic angiodysplasia . In patients older than N years, small bowel AD is the most likely reason of OGIB . performed a systematic review of all original articles relevant to wireless capsule endoscopy (WCE) for the evaluation of patients with small bowel signs and symptoms published between N and N. A total of N studies involving N N procedures were included. OGIB (overt and occult) was the most common indication (N \%) and AD was the most common cause (N \%) of bleeding in those patients. In another study, small bowel AD lesions were the most common cause (N \%) of severe life‐threatening overt OGIB . Lesions are often multiple, and frequently involve the cecum or ascending colon, although they can occur at other places . The diagnosis of a vascular anomaly can be based upon endoscopic findings, histologic characteristics, or association with systemic diseases. Commonly used endoscopic modalities for assessment of the small bowel include WCE, push enteroscopy, deep small bowel enteroscopy [double‐balloon enteroscopy (DBE), single‐balloon enteroscopy (SBE) and spiral enteroscopy (SE)] or intra‐operative enteroscopy . Wireless capsule endoscopy (see Fig. _ref_) is the preferred first‐line investigation for the small bowel in the context of GI bleeding as it is safe, acceptable and has significantly higher or at least equivalent yield for lesions when compared with other, more invasive modalities like push enteroscopy, mesenteric angiography and intra‐operative enteroscopy . Last generation of these pill-like devices can produce more than N N images with a resolution of approximately _inline_eq_ pixels. However, only N \% of angiodysplasias are detected by gastroenterologist experts during the reading of WCE videos, and blood indicator software (provided by WCE provider like Given Imaging), in the presence of angiodysplasias, presents sensitivity and specificity values of only N \% and N \%, respectively . Therefore, there is a compelling need to improve accuracy of AD detection and localization for clinical practice. In this work we apply modern deep learning techniques for automatic detection and localization of angiodysplasia. There is a number of computer vision-based methods developed for the video capsule endoscopy analysis, including rule-based and conventional machine learning algorithms that are applied to extracted color, texture, and other features . Recently, deep learning-based approaches demonstrated performance improvements over conventional machine learning methods for many problems in biomedicine . In the domain of medical imaging, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been successfully used, for example, for breast cancer histology image analysis, bone disease prediction and age assessment, and other problems . In the analysis of video capsule endoscopy, deep learning has recently demostrated promising results for polyp detection . In this paper, we present a deep learning-based solution for angiodysplasia lesions segmentation from video capsule endoscopy that achieves state-of-the-art results in both binary and multi-class setting. We used this method to produce a submission to the MICCAI N Endoscopic Vision SubChallenge: Angiodysplasia detection and localization that placed first, winning the competition. Here we describe the details of that solution based on a modification of the U-Net model . Moreover, we provide further improvements over this solution utilizing recent deep architectures: TernausNet and AlbuNet . To our knowledge this is first paper that try to examine angiodysplasia detection and localization using deep learning tools as a results it will serve as state of the art for other investigators.