Image and video data appearing as general media provides us great convenience to share information and communicate with each other. However, nowadays huge amounts of image and video are required to be stored and transmitted efficiently. As we all know, image and video coding techniques have enormously alleviated this problem by compressing these data to be a small yet strong expressive one, but the compression efficiency of standard coding gradually can't satisfy the explosive transmission demands of social media and streaming media with the popularization of electronic products such as digital camera and cell-phone _cite_ . Thus, image and video’s representation as well as compression towards higher compression ratio should be deeply studied, especially using deep learning. Conventional still image coding _cite_ has been developed from JPEG and JPEGN to WebP and BPG, etc. Meanwhile, several latest works, such as _cite_, are devoted to image compression with deep neural networks. In _cite_, two collaborated convolutional neural networks are used to form a unified end-to-end learning framework, where one network produces a compact representation for encoding, while another one reconstructs the decoded image. Different the works of _cite_, a virtual codec neural network of _cite_ is learned to bridge the gap between the networks ahead of standard codec and after this codec so that the gradients could be properly passed from the back end to the front end. On the basis of the works of _cite_, multiple description convolutional neural networks are designed to compress image so as to ensure that an acceptable image can be decoded in the un-prioritized network or under the condition of transmission congestion _cite_ . Because our work is highly related to the problem of post-processing such as artifacts removal _cite_, de-blocking _cite_ and de-noising _cite_, we next introduce several state-of-the-art works _cite_ for compression artifacts removal. In _cite_, shape-adaptive discrete cosine transform-based filtering is developed for de-noising and de-blocking by introducing the shape of the transform's support in a point-wise adaptive fashion. In _cite_, after grouping similar ND image patches into ND data arrays, three successive procedures of ND transformation of these array, shrinkage of the transform spectrum, and inverse ND transformation are conducted to achieve image de-noising. In _cite_, two-step algorithm is formed to reducing artifacts by dictionary learning and total variation regularization. To reduce blocking artifacts and obtain high-quality image, an optimization problem using constrained non-convex low-rank model is developed within maximum a posteriori framework _cite_ . Except the methods of filtering and optimization _cite_, there are several convolutional neural network-based approaches, such as _cite_ . Although post-processing could improve the coding efficiency, they lose the sight of the significance of image representation, which can highlight the significance pixels or regions before coding in order to protect these pixels or regions. Thus, post-processing and image representation should be combined together to further improve image's coding efficiency. Although the literatures of _cite_ have got a high image compression gains at the low bit-rate, they can't have a large margin coding gain at the high bit-rate. In this paper, mixed-resolution image representation and compression with deep convolutional neural networks is introduced to efficiently compress image, no matter which bit-rate is chosen by the users. The rest of this paper is arranged as follow. Firstly, we introduce the proposed method in Section N. Secondly, the experimental results are given in SectionN. At last, the Section N concludes the paper.