Internet today is inundated with videos. The popular video site, YouTube, alone has more than a billion users and millions of hours of videos being watched every day _cite_ . Thus, it has become imperative to investigate into advanced technologies for organization and curation of videos. Further, as any such system would involve interaction with humans, it is essential to take cognitive and psychological factors into account for designing an effective system. Moreover, it has been show that metrics like popularity~ _cite_ and virality~ _cite_ can be predicted by analysing visual features. An important aspect of human cognition is memorability or the ability to recall visual content after viewing it. Memorability is intricately related to perceptual storage capacity of human memory _cite_ . Recent studies have further shown that for prediction of image memorability, deep trained features can achieve near human consistency _cite_ . There have been also related works in image memorability exploring different features and methods _cite_ . However, modeling and predicting memorability for video content has not been looked into sufficiently. This is a challenging problem because of added complexities of video like duration, frame rate, etc. Videos also convey multitude of visual concepts to the user, hence, it becomes difficult to ascertain the memorability of the overall content. Further, the temporal structure of the video also needs to be taken into account while modeling video content memorability. An earlier approach to model video memorability by Han et al. _cite_ deploys a survey-based recall experiment. Here, the participants (about _inline_eq_) were initially made to watch several videos played together in a sequence, followed by a recall task after two days or a week, where they were asked if they remember the videos being shown. The score for a video was taken to be the fraction of correct responses by the participants. Due to the long time span of experiment, it is difficult to scale it to larger participant size. Further, there is no control over the user behavior between viewing and recall stage. Moreover, the method used fMRI measurements for predicting memorability, which would be difficult to generalize. To this end, we design an efficient method to compute video memorability, which can be further generalized to applications like video summarization or search. The proposed framework required the participants to complete a survey-based recall task, where they initially watched several videos in a sequence, similar to the earlier approach. However, the recall experiment started after a short rest period of _inline_eq_, and the participants were asked textual recall questions, instead of the full video being shown again. The textual questions were constructed from manual annotations of the videos. This was inspired from previous work in human memory research _cite_, which showed that human memory stores information semantically. Further, the procedure of a textual questions-based recall survey has been followed in experimental psychology literature _cite_ . The response time of the user was taken to be the measure of video memorability. Thus, the proposed survey avoids the long gap between viewing and recall stage, hence, making it scalable and efficient, as compared to _cite_ . We will further release the video memorability dataset in public to help advance research in the field . We conduct an extensive feature analysis to build a robust memorability predictor. We provide a baseline using state-of-the-art deep learning-based video features. We also explore semantic description, saliency and color descriptors, which have been found to be useful for memorability prediction in prior work on images _cite_ . Further spatio-temporal features are added to describe video dynamics. We further show that the proposed video memorability model improves over static image memorability in predicting the memorability of video sub-shots (_inline_eq_ video clips around a video frame) . This experiment validates that image memorability is not sufficient to model memorability of video content. We demonstrate application of the model to video summarization task. Videos can be captured for different purposes, with diverse content, duration and quality. Video summarization is, therefore, a challenging task, especially for the content creators who want to ensure that the summary is remembered well by the viewers _cite_ . In this work, we show that the proposed video memorability framework, which captures human memory recall, can further improve the state-of-the-art in video summarization. The contribution of the work is as follows: N. We present a novel method for measuring video memorability through a crowd-sourced experiment. N. We establish memorability as a valuable metric for video summarization and show better or at par performance with the state-of-the-art methods. N. We demonstrate that proposed image memorability is not sufficient for analyzing memorability of short videos (or sub-shots) . N. We would further release an annotated video memorability dataset, to aid further research in the field.