The objective of monocular non-rigid ND reconstruction (MNR) is the recovery of a time-varying geometry observed by a single moving camera. In the general case, none of the states is observed from multiple views, and at the same time, both the object and the camera move rigidly. This problem is highly ill-posed in the sense of Hadamard since multiple states can cause similar ND observations. To obtain a reasonable solution, multiple additional priors about the scene, types of motions and deformations as well as camera trajectory are required. Application domains of MNR are numerous and include robotics, medical applications and visual communication systems. MNR also has a long history in augmented reality (AR), and multiple applications have been proposed over the last twenty years ranging from medical systems to communication and entertainment _cite_ . All approaches to MNR can be divided into two main model-based classes---non-rigid structure from motion (NRSfM) and template-based reconstruction (TBR) . NRSfM relies on motion and deformation cues and requires dense point correspondences over multiple frames _cite_ . Most accurate methods for dense correspondences operate on multiple frames and are prohibitively slow for real-time applications _cite_ . Moreover, their accuracy is volatile and influenced by changing illumination and shading effects in the scene. TBR, per definition, assumes a known template of the scene or an object, \ie a highly accurate reconstruction for at least one frame of the scene _cite_ . Sometimes, the template also needs to be accurately positioned, with a minimal initial reprojection error to the reference frame. In this context, TBR can also be comprehended as non-rigid tracking _cite_ . Obtaining a template is beyond the scope of TBR, though joint solutions were demonstrated in the literature. In some cases, a template is obtained under the rigidity assumption, which might not always be fulfiled in practical applications _cite_ . Apart from the main classes, methods for monocular scene flow (MSF) and hybrid NRSfM can be named. MSF jointly reconstructs non-rigid geometry and ND displacement fields _cite_ . In some cases, it relies on a known camera trajectory or proxy geometry (an initial coarse geometry estimate) _cite_ . In hybrid NRSfM, a scene-specific shape prior is obtained on-the-fly under non-rigidity, and the input is a sequence of point tracks _cite_ . Geometry estimation is then conditioned upon the shape prior. MNR has only recently entered the realm of dense reconstructions _cite_ . The dense setting brings additional challenges for augmented reality applications such as scalability with the number of points and increased computational and memory complexity. The scope of this paper is general-purpose MNR, \ie the reconstruction scenarios are not known in advance. We propose deep neural network (DNN) based deformation model for MNR. We train DNN with a new synthetically generated dataset covering the variety of smooth and isometric deformations occurring in the real world (\eg clothes deformations, waving flags, bending paper and, to some extent, biological soft tissues) . The proposed DNN architecture combines supervised learning with domain-specific loss functions. Our approach with a learned deformation model---Hybrid Deformation Model Network (HDM-Net)---surpasses performances of the evaluated state-of-the-art NRSfM and template-based methods by a considerable margin. We do not require dense point tracks or a well-positioned template. Our initialisation-free solution supports large deformations and copes well with several textures and illuminations. At the same time, it is robust to self-occlusions and noise. In contrast to existing DNN architectures for ND, we directly regress ND point clouds (surfaces) and depart from depth maps or volumetric representations. In the context of MNR methods, our solution can be seen as a TBR with considerably relaxed initial conditions and a broader applicability range per single learned deformation model. Thus, it constitutes a new class of methods---instead of a template, we rather work with a weak shape prior and a shape at rest for a known scenario class. We generate a new dataset which fills a gap for training DNNs for non-rigid scenes and perform series of extensive tests and comparisons with state-of-the-art MNR methods. Fig.~ _ref_ provides an overview of the proposed approach---after training the network, we accurately infer ND geometry of a deforming surface. Fig.~ _ref_ provides a high-level overview of the proposed architecture. The rest of the paper is partitioned in Related Work (Sec.~ _ref_), Architecture of HDM-Net (Sec.~ _ref_), Geometry Regression and Comparisons (Sec.~ _ref_) and Concluding Remarks (Sec.~ _ref_) Sections.