The medical specialty of pathology is tasked with providing definitive disease diagnoses to guide patient treatment and management decisions _cite_ . Standardized, accurate and reproducible pathological diagnoses are essential for advancing precision medicine. Since the mid-N _inline_eq_ century, the primary tool used by pathologists to make diagnoses has been the microscope _cite_ . Limitations of the qualitative visual analysis of microscopic images includes lack of standardization, diagnostic errors, and the significant cognitive load required to manually evaluate millions of cells across hundreds of slides in a typical pathologist's workday ~ _cite_ . Consequently, over the past several decades there has been increasing interest in developing computational methods to assist in the analysis of microscopic images in pathology ~ _cite_ . From October N to April N, the International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI) held the Camelyon Grand Challenge N (CamelyonN) to identify top-performing computational image analysis systems for the task of automatically detecting metastatic breast cancer in digital whole slide images (WSIs) of sentinel lymph node biopsies . The evaluation of breast sentinel lymph nodes is an important component of the American Joint Committee on Cancer's TNM breast cancer staging system, in which patients with a sentinel lymph node positive for metastatic cancer will receive a higher pathologic TNM stage than patients negative for sentinel lymph node metastasis~ _cite_, frequently resulting in more aggressive clinical management, including axillary lymph node dissection~ _cite_ . The manual pathological review of sentinel lymph nodes is time-consuming and laborious, particularly in cases in which the lymph nodes are negative for cancer or contain only small foci of metastatic cancer. Many centers have implemented testing of sentinel lymph nodes with immunohistochemistry for pancytokeratins~ _cite_, which are proteins expressed on breast cancer cells and not normally present in lymph nodes, to improve the sensitivity of cancer metastasis detection. However, limitations of pancytokeratin immunohiostochemistry testing of sentinel lymph nodes include: increased cost, increased time for slide preparation, and increased number of slides required for pathological review. Further, even with immunohistochemistry-stained slides, the identification of small cancer metastases can be tedious and inaccurate. Computer-assisted image analysis systems have been developed to aid in the detection of small metastatic foci from pancytokeratin-stained immunohistochemistry slides of sentinel lymph nodes~ _cite_ ; however, these systems are not used clinically. Thus, the development of effective and cost efficient methods for sentinel lymph node evaluation remains an active area of research~ _cite_, as there would be value to a high-performing system that could increase accuracy and reduce cognitive load at low cost. Here, we present a deep learning-based approach for the identification of cancer metastases from whole slide images of breast sentinel lymph nodes. Our approach uses millions of training patches to train a deep convolutional neural network to make patch-level predictions to discriminate tumor-patches from normal-patches. We then aggregate the patch-level predictions to create tumor probability heatmaps and perform post-processing over these heatmaps to make predictions for the slide-based classification task and the tumor-localization task. Our system won both competitions at the Camelyon Grand Challenge N, with performance approaching human level accuracy. Finally, combining the predictions of our deep learning system with a pathologist's interpretations produced a significant reduction in the pathologist's error rate.