Medical ultrasound (US) is a widespread imaging modality owing its popularity to cost efficiency, portability, speed, and lack of harmful ionizing radiation. Unfortunately, the quality of medical ultrasound scans is typically affected by a number of artifacts, some of which are rooted in the physics of ultrasound image formation. Thus, for example, the band-limited characteristics of acoustic beamforming are generally responsible for the reduced spatial resolution. Additionally, the coherent nature of ultrasound image formation makes the resulting scans suffer from the degrading effect of speckle noise, which tends to reduce image contrast and obscure diagnostically relevant details. As a result, ultrasound imaging has limited applicability to clinical tasks relying on tissue characterization. The problem of speckle noise contamination is traditionally solved by means of {\it image despeckling} . Thus, in the past decade, the arsenal of image despeckling algorithms has been enhanced by particularly effective methods based on homomorphic de-noising _cite_, non-local means (NLM) _cite_, and BMND filtering _cite_ . Although some of these methods have already been integrated in high-end ultrasound scanners, their elevated computational requirement and relatively long run-times prevent their deployment on portable devices or in real-time applications. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been extensively used for solving various problems of image processing _cite_, including some important medical imaging applications, among which are X-ray CT image reconstruction _cite_ and denoising _cite_ . In this paper, we demonstrate the applicability of CNN as a means for fast and accurate approximation of the image restoration results produced by advanced (yet, relatively slow) despeckling algorithms. We believe the availability of such solutions opens the doors to the possibility of using cutting-edge signal processing on low-cost (portable) devices and in real-time applications. In addition, we also demonstrate the applicability of CNN to the reconstruction of ``CT-quality'' ultrasound images from standard ultrasonograms. The contributions of this paper are three-fold: Firstly, we propose an end-to-end CNN architecture for real-time despeckling of ultrasound images. Secondly, we show that our network successfully approximates the state-of-the-art de-speckling algorithms, and works about _inline_eq_ faster on GPU, and _inline_eq_ faster on CPU, which makes it amenable to real-time applications. Finally, aiming to go beyond the quality of despeckling, we propose a method for training CNN for the purpose of converting regular US scans into corresponding ``CT-like'' images which feature substantially improved resolution and contrast, while preserving all the relevant anatomical and pathological information. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: We briefly overview the proposed methodology in Section _ref_ and provide its experimental assessment in Section _ref_ . Section _ref_ concludes the paper.