Person re-identification (ReID) targets on identifying the same individual across different camera views. Given an image containing a target person (as query) and a large set of images (gallery set), a ReID system is expected to rank the images from gallery according to visual similarity with the query image. It has many important applications in video surveillance by saving large amount of human efforts in exhaustively searching for a target person from large amount of video sequences. For example, finding missing elderly and children, and suspect tracking, \etc. Many research works have been proposed to improve the state-of-the-art performance of public ReID benchmarks. However, identifying the same individual across different camera views is still an unsolved task in intelligent video surveillance. It is difficult in that pedestrian images often suffer from complex background clutters, varying illumination conditions, uncontrollable camera settings, severe occlusions and large pose variations. Viewpoint changes and pose variations cause uncontrolled misalignment between pedestrian images. As the improvement of human pose estimation _cite_, recent works _cite_ utilized pose estimation results to align body parts for better matching. Although great improvement in performance was obtained, there are still noticeable problems in these methods. These methods deal with misalignment by extracting features from patches, stripes, or pose-guided region of interest (RoI), where rectangular RoIs often introduce noise from adjacent parts or background in feature and lead to inaccurate matching. For example in Fig. _ref_ (a), features of the right leg is extracted from its bounding box, which includes extensive noise from left leg and background . Features of the right arm and left leg also consist of their adjacent parts and background. Furthermore, some body parts have large variations in shape and pose, and rectangular RoI would include inconsistent extent of background clutter and adjacent noise. For example, . Matching between part features from loose box and tight box in two camera views would definitely deteriorate the matching accuracy. In this work, we Pose-guided Part Attention instead of rectangular RoI. Pose-guided Part Attention is a confidence map precisely capture the target part, and exclude background clutter and adjacent part features, as shown in Fig. _ref_ . Attention-aware part features can be extracted by applying the part attention on feature maps, and feature alignment by part is achieved. We show in experiments that attention-aware part features are more accurate and robust, and the aligned pedestrian features are more discriminative than conventional methods. Occlusion is also a common and severe problem in practical ReID scenario. For example in Fig. _ref_ (d-f), body part may be occluded by other body parts, adjacent persons or things like carrying baggage or trolley. Some observations can be concluded: N) rigid body parts are often partially occluded by adjacent non-rigid parts N) non-rigid body parts suffer heavy self-occlusion and are often fully occluded. N) occlusion by carrying things is not a bad, which should be considered as a special part to help re-identification. It would be ideal to weaken features for partially occluded rigid part like Fig. _ref_ (d), eliminate features for fully occluded non-rigid part like Fig. _ref_ (e), and retain features for carrying things like Fig. _ref_ (f) . Based on above observations on the occlusion problem, we propose a pose-guided visibility score to measure the occlusion extent for each body part, and it provides image-specific part importance score to decide feature importance in matching. Experimental results show its usefulness in handling occlusion cases. Based on above motivations, a new Attention-Aware Compositional Network for person re-identification is proposed. The contributions of our work can be summarized in several folds: