Signal classification is a difficult problem due to the considerable translation, rotation and scale variations that can hinder the classifier's ability to measure signal similarity~ _cite_ . Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) ~ _cite_ have been widely used to eliminate the above-mentioned variabilities and learn invariant as well as discriminative signal representations by using successive kernel operations (linear filters, pooling, and non-linearity) . Despite their success, the optimal configuration of these networks is not well understood because of the cascaded nonlinearities. Scattering convolution network proposed by S. Mallat in _cite_ provided a mathematical framework to incorporate geometric signal priors to extract discriminative and invariant signal representations. Invariance is introduced in the representations by filtering the input signal with a cascade of multiscale and multidirectional complex Morlet wavelets followed by pointwise nonlinear modulus and local averaging. The high frequencies lost due to averaging are recovered at the later layers using cascaded wavelet transformations with non-linearities, justifying the need for a multilayer network. The above class of networks has been widely used in numerous applications as such as object classification~ _cite_, audio processing~ _cite_, scene understanding~ _cite_, biology~ _cite_ etc. This paper proposes an improved Deep Scattering architecture that uses Dual-Tree Complex Wavelet Transform (DTCWT) ~ _cite_ to decompose a multi-resolution input signal into translation invariant signal representations. The input signal is first decomposed into multi-resolution signal representations that are densely spaced on the scale domain. Translation invariance is then introduced within each representation by applying a non-linearity over a region followed by local averaging. Next, a log non-linearity is used to separate the multiplicative low-frequency illumination components within the representations. Finally, a Support Vector Machine (SVM) is used to create discrimination between different signal classes by learning weights that best summarize the regularities (common coefficients) in the training data and simultaneously ignore the coefficients arising due to the irregularities~ _cite_ . The main contributions of the paper and their reasoning are explained below: The performance of the proposed network is tested on four popular datasets selected from different modalities. Such diversity of data sets is crucial to verify the generalization of the proposed network to a large variety of problems. The paper is divided into the following sections. Section N describes the proposed Deep Multi-Resolution DTCWT Scattering Architecture while Section N presents the step by step experimental results leading to signal classification. Section N draws conclusions about the experimental results.