Gliomas are the most common primary brain tumors, being graded according to their malignancy. The most aggressive one is Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) . These high grade gliomas (HGG) proliferate and infiltrate the surrounding tissues at a very fast pace. In fact, patients have a very short life expectancy, even if under treatment _cite_ . Lower grade gliomas (LGG) are less aggressive, and patients have a better prognosis. Nevertheless, LGG can evolve into HGG, hence, follow-up is required _cite_ . Glioma grading is crucial when deciding the treatment procedure, which can range from surgery followed by chemo-and radiotherapy, to a ``wait and see'' approach. The latter avoids invasive procedures and is more common with LGG _cite_ . Histopathological diagnosis of biopsy specimens is the gold standard for glioma grading. However, it is time consuming, invasive, and prone to sampling error _cite_ . MRI is the standard imaging technique for brain tumor diagnosis in clinical practice. In general, attributes of HGG in MRI include the contrast enhancing tumor tissue, necrotic core, edema, non-enhancing tumor, and mass effect. LGG are usually more diffuse, non-enhancing, smaller, and cause less mass effect. Nonetheless, some HGG may have some attributes of LGG, and vice-versa _cite_ . Tumor grading from imaging data would be useful in clinical practice, since it would avoid the sampling error, and expedite treatment planning by anticipating the histopathological results _cite_ . Additionally, it would avoid the invasive biopsy procedures during follow-up. Studies suggest that perfusion MRI is more informative for glioma grading than structural MRI sequences _cite_ . Still, perfusion MRI is not widely acquired in clinical practice _cite_ ; in fact, perfusion MRI is seen as a plus, while structural MRI is part of the current consensus recommendations for standardized brain tumor imaging _cite_ . Computer-based tumor grading from MRI is relatively unexplored. Zacharaki et al. _cite_ predict the grade of gliomas from MRI images using a Support Vector Machine classifier. The method requires radiologists to manually define four regions of interest (ROI) in the tumor. Khawaldeh et al. _cite_ use convolutional neural networks (CNN) in a semi-automated approach where the tumor grade is predicted from ND slices selected by radiologists, which may result in multiple and possibly ambiguous predictions for the same patient. CNNs offer the potential for learning tumor grading directly from imaging data without human-defined ROIs. However, these methods may fall into overfitting, and learn spurious patterns in the data. Hence, a quality assurance stage before deployment of these methods is desirable. As shown by Pereira et al. _cite_, interpretability of machine learning methods, through explanations of their predictions, allows one to assess which parts of the MRI image are more important for a prediction. In this way, one can evaluate if a model is trustworthy. Moreover, explanations may provide hints on undesirable behaviors, and allow one to devise improving strategies. The contributions in this paper are the following. i) We propose to use ND CNN for automatic glioma grading from conventional multisequence MRI, either from the whole brain, or an automatically defined tumor ROI. ii) We assess the predictions by means of visual explanations. In this way, we were able to assess the predictions' trustworthiness and, as shown in the experiments, detect a problem in pre-processing. Finally, iii) we validate our approach on a publicly available database, making it more easily comparable with future proposals.