The task of separating objects from background is fundamental for many computer vision tasks. This has led to much research on localizing and classifying objects by using object segmentation, object detection, and region proposals. Currently, most detectors are trained individually for each object class, which requires a class label and a bounding box for all images. Unfortunately, in this approach it is difficult to transfer information from previously trained detectors to novel classes where bounding box labels may not be available. This situation is common in current datasets, which often have many class labels but incomplete bounding box labels. In this work, we aim to overcome these challenges by training separately from bounding box labels and class labels, enabling our system to learn even when only one of these labels is available. This approach harnesses the notion of object-ness _cite_ to build a deep neural network _cite_ able to detect novel objects where bounding box labels have not been provided. One successful approach to object detection is to train a single detector for each class of objects (for example, the Deformable Parts Model (DPM) ~ _cite_) . In this approach, one discriminatively trains a set of detectors on each individual class. This strategy generally has proven useful on the Pascal VOC detection challenge due to the limited number of classes, each of which includes many bounding box labels. In other cases, however, where we may have an abundance of class labels, but few or no bounding box labels, it is not clear how to apply this same strategy. For example, the Image-Net dataset has N million class labels but only about _inline_eq_ are labeled with bounding boxes~ _cite_ . Recently, region proposal algorithms have shown good performance in object detection pipelines by proposing class-generic locations for further classification~ _cite_ . They attempt to measure object-ness within an image by training on all bounding boxes labels, regardless of class, in hopes of building a single detector for all classes. While training from only bounding box labels potentially enables a detector to locate novel classes never seen before, it may perform poorly due to having too few training examples and failing to exploit the wealth of class labels available in datasets like Image-Net. We propose to train a detector to localize objects while also exploiting object class labels by separating the recognition and detection problems. We show that by pretraining our detector on class labels and then on object locations, we can increase its performance in detecting previously seen objects, while nearly retaining its ability to localize objects for which we have no bounding box labels.