Brain tumors are one of the deadliest cancers with a high mortality rate _cite_ . They can be primary, i.e. directly originating in the brain, or metastatic, i.e. spreading from other parts of the body. Gliomas constitute N \% of malignant primary brain tumors in adults _cite_, and are usually classified as High Grade Gliomas (HGG) and Low Grade Gliomas (LGG) . The HGG encompasses grades III and IV of the WHO categorization _cite_, exhibiting a rapidly proliferating behaviour with a patient survival period of only about a year _cite_ . Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and Computed Tomography (CT) are some of the standard radio imaging techniques used for diagnosing abnormalities in the brain. MRI has been extensively employed in diagnosing brain and nervous system abnormalities, over the last few decades, due to its improved soft tissue contrast as compared to plain radiography or CT _cite_ . MR images are usually procured in multiple sequences or modalities, depending on the different excitation and repetition times used during the scan. This enables the capture of distinct structures of interest, by producing noticeably different tissue contrasts _cite_ . The sequences include _inline_eq_-weighted, _inline_eq_-weighted, _inline_eq_-weighted with contrast enhanced (_inline_eq_), and _inline_eq_-weighed with fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (_inline_eq_) . The rationale behind using these four sequences lies in the fact that different tumor regions may be visible in different sequences, allowing for a more accurate composite marking of the tumor region. Delineation of tumor region in MRI sequences is of great importance since it allows: i) volumetric measurement of the tumor, ii) monitoring of tumor growth in the patient between multiple MRI scans, and iii) treatment planning with follow-up evaluation. Tumor segmentation from brain MRI sequences is usually done manually by the radiologist. Being a highly tedious and error prone task, mainly due to factors such as human fatigue, overabundance of MRI slices per patient, and increasing number of patients, manual operations often lead to inaccurate delineation. Moreover, use of qualitative measures of evaluation by radiologists results in high inter-and intra-observer error rates, which are often difficult to characterize . The need for an automated or semi-automated Computer Aided Detection/Diagnosis (CADe/CADx) system thus becomes apparent. Such a system improves the overall performance of the detection and subsequent segmentation of abnormalities, particularly when used as an assistant to the radiologist. Automated detection is a challenging task due to the variety of shapes, textures and orientations exhibited by the tumor region. Typically the tumor acts as a mass and pushes the normal tissue, thereby changing the overall structure of the brain. Besides, brain MRI slices are known to be affected by Bias Field Distortion (BSD) and other artifacts that change the homogeneity of tissue intensities in different slices of the same brain. Existing methods leave significant room for increased automation, applicability and improved accuracy. Since segmentation of tumors in brain is typically preceded by its detection and plays an important role in curbing improper segmentation of tumor region, we investigate here the automated tumor detection problem in brain MR images. Recently, deep learning research has witnessed a growing interest for data analysis. Deep learning is a branch of machine learning consisting of a set of algorithms that attempt to model high level abstractions in data by using a deep model with multiple processing layers, composed of both linear and non-linear transformations _cite_ . Among these, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) provided impressive performance on image recognition and classification problems _cite_ . Convolutional Neural Networks (also called ConvNets or CNNs) _cite_ are suitable for processing input that comes in the form of a grid-like topology, for instance--time series and image data. Unlike a traditional Artificial Neural Network (ANN), a CNN uses a convolution operation instead of matrix multiplication in some or all of its layers. The design of CNNs is motivated by the functioning of the mammalian vision system, which hierarchically captures semantically rich visual features _cite_ . User-provided bounding boxes are a simple and popular form of annotation used in computer vision to initialize object segmentation as well as induce spatial constraints. DeepCut _cite_ combines CNN with iterative graphical optimization to recover pixelwise object segmentations, from an image database with existing bounding box annotation. Bounding boxes are manually generated from user-provided segmentation. A fully connected conditional random field serves to regularize the segmentation. Experimental results demonstrate segmentation of the brain and lung of fetal MRI. However such manual annotation entails human bias, is prone to error, and is also time consuming. Our research focuses on the design and development of a fully automated CADe System for the detection of HGG using CNNs. The novel CADe system first identifies the presence of a tumor from the ND MR slices of the brain. The bounding box approach automatically localizes the tumor in each ``abnormal'' slice, encompassing _inline_eq_ sequences. Subsequent segmentation enables improved tumor delineation, with reduced false positives. Initial seeds for segmentation are automatically generated by the system. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ provides a brief literature review on detection of brain tumors. Section _ref_ highlights the characteristics and merits of the proposed CADe system, while outlining the architecture and methodology. Section _ref_ describes the experimental results on the BRATS N dataset, demonstrating the effectiveness of subsequent segmentation both qualitatively and quantitatively with respect to existing related methods. Finally conclusions are presented in Section _ref_ .