Structured regression lies at the heart of some of the most active computer vision problems of our time. Examples include optical flow~, monocular depth estimation~, intrinsic image decomposition~ etc. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) ~ have greatly advanced the state of the art in all those structured output tasks . However CNNs predict each output independently, and thus ignore the intricate interplay of the output variables imposed by physical or modeling constraints. Instead they are forced to learn all physical properties of a scene directly from the training data, and often fail due to the limited capacity of the model. In this work, we propose to bring those dependencies back to deep structured regression, in the form of constraints on the output space. A constraint ties the output of several regression targets together. In a naive first approach, we learn a standard deep structured regression model and find the closest solution to the predicted structured output that follows the constraints strictly, using a simple Euclidean distance measure. This results in an averaging of the output. It makes only limited use of the training data, and further assumes that the constraints are always satisfied, which is not true in general. For instance, in the task of intrinsic images, Lambert's law~ assumes that surfaces have diffused reflectance, which means product of shading and albedo images is equal to the original image. However, this is not true for specular surfaces like mirrors, metals etc~, such that a naive approach does not perform well in those areas. To make full use of the training data, we regress not just to a single output variable, but rather a fully factorized distribution over possible outputs. We further predict a distribution over each of our constrains, allowing it not be violated under certain conditions. These distributions capture a the confidence with which the model makes its predictions, or the confidence that a certain constraint holds. A highly confident prediction is peaked around the correct answer, while an uncertain prediction will be more uniform. We use these confidences, and pick the most likely output labeling following our constraints. This allows the model to trust outputs differently during inference, see for an overview of our framework. We apply our structured regression framework to the problem of intrinsic image decomposition~ . The goal of intrinsic image decomposition is to decompose the input image into albedo (also called reflectance image) and shading images. The output space, in such tasks, has dependencies on the input which can be modeled as physics based constraints such as Lambertian lighting assumption in intrinsic image decomposition~ . At inference time, we find a structured output following those constraints. This alleviates the pressure on the CNN to explicitly learn all physical properties of a scene, and allows it to focus more on the statistical correlations between the input image and the output. In summary, our constrained regression framework learns not only to capture the ground-truth values, but also to capture the variation or confidence in its own predictions. Moreover, our constraints re-introduce the coupling between albedo and shading that has been ignored in the prior supervised learning. We achieve significant improvement over the state of the art performance and show large visual improvement on MPI Sintel dataset.