Brain matter segmentation is an important task that is essential for the study of various ailments like Alzheimer and Parkinson disease~ _cite_ etc. It is typically done by skilled professionals who manually label white and grey matter in the Magnetic Resonance (MR) images of the brain. The images also often contain noise incurred through acquisition defects and errors~ _cite_ that further adds to the complexity of the problem. Manual labeling leads to errors and inconsistencies thus requiring the need for automatic labeling. This task has been performed in three different ways over the years. The first class of methods utilized hand-engineered features extracted using filters designed to capture edge and texture representations~ _cite_ . For example, SIFT~ _cite_ features were used in the application of reconstructing tractograms of whole brain~ _cite_ . These hand-engineered features are easy to design but are constrained by marginally good performance. The second class of methods used deep networks for brain matter segmentation as demonstrated in multiple works _cite_ . Deep networks have achieved the state-of-the-art performance by learning discriminative class-specific features. However, deep networks suffer from overwhelming complexity of trainable parameters and design of optimal configurations. Thus, training with limited sized datasets, common in medical imaging, still remains a difficult task. The third class of methods used hand-crafted features to first extract low-level edge features which are further used by supervised or unsupervised learning methods to learn higher levels of representations, thus resulting in a hybrid network. For example, Zhang et al.~ _cite_ extracted anisotropic features which were used by a CNN to learn higher-level representations. Given the reduced parameter set to be learned while training, these networks generally perform better than normal deep neural networks on small datasets with less training instance, a trait always seen in brain segmentation datasets. Singh et.~al.~ _cite_ recently proposed a ScatterNet Hybrid Deep Learning (SHDL) network that first extracts ScatterNet handcrafted low-level descriptors which are used by two layers of PCA-Net based unsupervised learning module to learn hierarchical object specific mid-level features. The mid-level features are finally used by a supervised module composed of orthogonal least squares and support vector machine (SVM) to perform classification. Each layer of the SHDL network is designed and optimized automatically using cross-validation that produces a computationally efficient architecture. This paper proposes an improved texture and vesselness incorporated ScatterNet Hybrid Deep Learning (TS-SHDL) network for brain matter segmentation in the MR images. The improved network incorporates the vesselness and texture hand-crafted features in addition to the two-layer ScatterNet descriptors to capture the intensity and structural properties of brain matter as shown in Fig. N. The extracted hand-crafted features are used by four stacked layers of unsupervised learning based PCA-Net to learn translation, rotation and scale invariant mid-level features. The mid-level features are used by the supervised Fisher encoding (FK) to gradually reduce the dimensions of the feature vector. The reduced feature vector is finally used by a conditional random field (CRF) to perform the desired brain matter segmentation. The contributions and reasoning for the choosing the above-mentioned handcrafted features, unsupervised, and supervised learning, module are discussed below. The main contributions of the paper are stated below: The proposed framework is used to perform brain matter segmentation on ND synthetic and ND real brain MRI datasets. The average segmentation accuracy for each class for both datasets is presented. In addition, an extensive comparison of the proposed pipeline with other deep brain matter segmentation methods is demonstrated. The paper is divided into the following sections. Section N briefly presents the proposed TS-SHDL network. Section N presents the experimental results while Section N draws conclusions.