Diabetes is an widespread disease in the world, and up to N around N million people worldwide have this disease . Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is an eye disease caused by the long-standing diabetes. Basically, DR affects blood vessels in the light-sensitive tissue (retina) . It becomes the leading cause of vision impairment and blindness for working-age adults in the world today _cite_, and around half of Americans with diabetes have this disease to some extent. A widely-known challenge for DR is that it has no early warning sign, even for diabetic macular edema. Thus, it is highly desired that DR can be detected in time. Unfortunately, in practice the current DR detection solution is nearly infeasible to meet this requirement. Specifically, the current solution requires a well-trained clinician to manually evaluate digital color fundus photographs of retina, and DR is identified by locating the lesions associated with vascular abnormalities due to diabetes. Though this current solution is effective, it is time-consuming and highly relies on the expertise of well-training practitioners. To solve this issue, in the past few years considerable efforts have been put on developing an automated solution for DR detection. Most of previous automated solutions consists of two parts: feature extraction and detection/prediction algorithm _cite_ . Feature extraction is the main focus as standard machine learning algorithms can be directly used as the detection/prediction algorithm. This type of approaches are effective to some extent but also suffer from several shortcomings. First, as reviewed in Section _ref_, the extracted features are all hand-crafted features. Thus, these features highly depend on the parameters of the used feature extraction tools and they are sensitive to the quality of fundus photography, like object view, exposedness, artifacts, noise, out-of-focus, etc. Second, feature extraction is a solo task rather than embedded into the whole DR detection framework. The above-mentioned features extraction methods can be considered as the universal image feature extraction methods that are applicable to most computer vision tasks, and they are not dedicated to the specific task, e.g., DR detection task considered in this paper. It is worth noting that color fundus photography is more challenging than the standard scene or object images that most image feature extraction methods were developed based on, since the key signals are often tiny in fundus photography and they often look indiscriminating from noise and artifacts. Thus, these two challenges make it highly desirable to develop a systematical feature representation approach to effectively characterize the nature of features particularly related to the DR detection task. Recently, the convolutional neural networks (CNN) has achieved tremendous success in computer vision area. It can model high-level abstractions in data relative to specific prediction task _cite_ . In CNN, a multiple layers network is built up for automating feature design. Specifically, each layer in deep architecture performs a non-linear transformation on the outputs of the previous layer, so that the data are represented by a hierarchy of features from low-level to high-level. The key attribute of the CNN is conducting different processing units (convolution, pooling, sigmoid/hyperbolic tangent squashing, rectifier and normalization) alternatively. Such a variety of processing units can yield an effective nonlinear representation of local salience of the signals. Then, the deep architecture allows multiple layers of these processing units to be stacked, so that this deep learning model can characterize the salience of signals in different scales. Also, in CNN, feature extraction and prediction algorithm are unified as a single model. Thus, the extracted features own more discriminative power, since the entire CNN model is trained under the supervision of output labels. Briefly speaking, the features extracted by the CNN are task dependent and non-handcrafted. In this paper, we also adopt CNN as the key predictive algorithm, but aim to develop a more efficient CNN architecture that is particularly useful for large-scale dataset. Specifically, the CNN we built has no fully connected layer and only have convolutional and pooling layers. This setting significantly reduces the number of parameters (fully-connected layers often bring more parameters than convolutional layers in the conventional CNN) and provides better conditions for interpretability of neural network as presented below. We show in experiments that with less parameters and no fully-connected layers the proposed CNN architecture can achieve the comparative prediction performance. The key advantage of the proposed network structure is that it can provide a regression activation maps (RAM) of input image to show the contribution score of each pixel of input image for DR detection task. This RAM output, to some extent, somehow mitigates the well-known uninterpretable shortcoming of CNN as a black box method. We believe that this RAM output make the proposed solution more self-explained and can motivate the practitioners to trace the cause of the disease for every patient.