field of remote sensing and data capture, a common issue is that certain areas are not completely or adequately covered, resulting in regions of `missing data'. The reasons behind this issue vary depending in the data capture technique applied. For example, NASA's Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) from the early Ns attempted to provide a complete digital elevation model (DEM) of most of the globe. However, issues with missing data arose in regions of high gradient, such as mountainous regions, meaning very rugged terrain was often not well captured _cite_ . In stereophotogrammetry, where pairs of aerial or satellite images are matched to create digital elevation models, failures can occur when there are differences between the content of two images (e.g. variable cloud cover at different capture times) or in regions where there are not enough features to perform a successful matching. In light detection and ranging (LIDAR) capture, the sensors are typically positioned together with the source of illumination. This means that data is only captured on the `visible' surface and no data is captured on the `back side' of objects unless the sensor is moved. Traditional methods to rectify the issue of missing or conflicting data include interpolation using spline surfaces _cite_, kriging _cite_, inverse distance weighting (IDW) _cite_ and triangular irregular networks (TINs) _cite_ . These methods perform differently with respect to the type of terrain they are used to fill; smooth, sharp or containing irregular patterns. In this letter we apply transfer learning techniques to train a model to be able to recover general features that are found in digital elevation/surface models. In this way we avoid the need to apply different methods to different terrain types. The need for human input is also limited to post-processing. Our results are obtained by transferring to DEMs the recent successes of generative modeling techniques in the research field of, meaning the problem of filling missing regions of an image with data that appear plausible, in the sense of human interpretation. In the context of DEMs, plausibility of the filled data is not necessarily sufficient. In many cases, one would wish to accurately reproduce the missing part of the elevation model. However, in many cases this is an unrealistic goal due to various limitations. We therefore restrict our attention in this letter to providing a satisfactory fill for the various regions considered.