With ever increasing application of next generation sequencing techniques and concomitant decrease in sequencing, millions of protein sequence can be generated within short time and low cost~ _cite_ . Though information about the protein sequences facilitates advancement in many applications like phylogenetics and evolutionary biology, knowledge of the proteins’ functions is required to elucidate the nature and behavior of living systems as well as for more important application such as biomedical and pharmaceutical ones~ _cite_ . Assigning functions to protein is challenging and in vitro or in vivo experiments is generally employed~ _cite_ . There is an obvious gap between rapid increasing amount of novel protein sequences and experimental functional annotation of proteins, is ever widening. Computational prediction of protein functions is very promising to address the challenge of annotating function to protein~ _cite_ . A predictive pipeline, capable of predicting function from primary sequence of protein, can form an manageable subset of high confidence candidates by filtering astronomically large data set, which would ultimately be validated by experimental tools, is greatly sought. Gene ontology (GO) is a major project undertaken to standardize the representation of gene and gene product attributes across all species~ _cite_ . GO annotation is divided into three domains, Biological process (BP), Molecular function (MF), cellular component (CC) . GO uses controlled vocabulary which is called term to represent above mentioned aspects. The terms are hierarchically represented, where ancestor represent an general concept while the descendant indicates more specific concept. Currently there are more than _inline_eq_ GO terms presented in GO ontology. There are some significant challenges for computational prediction of protein function. One of the challenges is that protein sequence, structure and function are related to each other in a complex way~ _cite_ . Before using protein structure to predict protein function, we need protein structure with sufficient quality which require a considerably large endeavor. Huge and intricate output space for classifying protein function constitute second largest challenge. Gene Ontology (GO) ~ _cite_ has more than _inline_eq_ terms also known as classes with complex hierarchical relationship among them. For this hierarchical representation, protein has to be assigned to multiple classes. Additionally, numerous proteins have several function, which makes the protein function classification a multi-label, multi-class problem. But, present prevailing state-of-the-art deep learning based GO annotation prediction model do not consider hierarchical relationship among the GO term explicitly. As a result it makes difficult for the model to explore the vast output space efficiently as there is not sufficient samples for this task in present GO ontology dataset. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning method to predict top-level of hierarchy of GO annotation function of protein from protein primary sequence only. We extract local features of amino acid by using several convolutional layers with different kernel size which is followed by bidirectional long short term recurrent neural network (Bi-GRU) to extract global pattern in amino acid. These two different features, local and global, are then combined and finally fed into densely connected layers on top of followed by a classifier which predicts the top-level hierarchical classes for each domain in GO ontology. We demonstrated that our model has state-of-the-art performance in predicting GO classes for proteins from different species, and performs particularly well in domain of cellular location prediction of proteins. The prime contributions of our paper are as follows: N. Our model can efficiently explore the enormous output space by considering hierarchical relationship among GO classes. N. Our network uses the same model for predicting classes on three domains in GO ontology, which proves the better generalization of our model. N. Our model takes no external information for any protein which is a significant because there is not same external information available for every protein, making our model perfectly suitable for prediction, if there is only sequence available for a protein, which is most frequent case for proteins. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: section~ _ref_ discusses related work, while section~ _ref_ describes our proposed cascaded convolutional and recurrent network along with the steps regrading data preprocessing and network architecture for protein function predictions. Experiments and evaluations are presented in section~ _ref_ . Finally, we summarize our results in section~ _ref_ .