Following the trend in many other fields, the advent of high-volume and weakly-supervised data is driving increased interest in sentiment studies in Affective Computing _cite_ . However, directly studying affect, or emotion, in a dimensional representation (e.g.~valence-arousal-dominance) or even discrete semantics (e.g.~sad, happy, angry, etc.) tend to suffer from the problem of data sparsity since such specialized psychology terminology are less likely to be found in large volume from the Web. Inspired by similar work in Computer Vision and Multimedia, several works have since proposed affective mid-level representations to bridge the between low-level features and high-level affect states. One such attractive mid-level semantic representation is the (ANP) _cite_, where `nouns' are used to provide visual grounding to a detectable object and `adjectives' are used to sentimentally bias the object. In a recent work, we presented a large-scale multilingual visual sentiment ontology (MVSO) _cite_ consisting of N, N such ANPs across N languages with an associated dataset of over N million images. As part of this initial work, we developed a set of language-specific visual concept detector banks that could identify the presence of ANPs in six of the major languages in the MVSO. These detector banks were shown to be useful in cross-lingual sentiment analysis _cite_, and recently, in diversifying image query expansion _cite_ and facial imagery understanding _cite_ . Yet in the original development of the ANP detectors, many of the original training parameter settings were defaulted and left as-is for a proof-of-concept. Even though using such default settings show that the multilingual ANP detectors can achieve reasonable detection performance already, they do not represent the most near-optimal networks that can be trained for the given architectures used. In this report, we detail and release (N) higher accuracy models for detecting adjective-noun pairs (ANPs) in six languages from the same image pool in the original Multilingual Visual Sentiment Ontology (MVSO) release _cite_ and new detector banks fine-tuned using a different more modern network architecture with benchmark comparisons, (N) a sub-corpus of MVSO based on tag-restricted queries for higher fidelity labels, and (N) adjective-noun pair detectors based on this tag-restricted subset. The model and data release can be found through the original MVSO website at _url_ .