Computer vision researchers often go through great lengths to remove dataset biases from their models _cite_ . However, not all biases are adversarial. Even natural recognition systems, such as the human visual system, have biases. Some of the most well known human biases, for example, are the canonical perspective (prefer to see objects from a certain perspective) _cite_ and Gestalt laws of grouping (tendency to see objects in collections of parts) _cite_ . We hypothesize that biases in the human visual system can be beneficial for visual understanding. Since recognition is an underconstrained problem, the biases that the human visual system developed may provide useful priors for perception. In this paper, we develop a novel method to learn some biases from the human visual system and incorporate them into computer vision systems. We focus our approach on learning the biases that people may have for the appearance of objects. To illustrate our method, consider what may seem like an odd experiment. Suppose we sample i.i.d. \white noise from a standard normal distribution, and treat it as a point in a visual feature space, e.g. \CNN or HOG. What is the chance that this sample corresponds to visual features of a car image? Fig. _ref_ a visualizes some samples _cite_ and, as expected, we see noise. But, let us not stop there. We next generate one hundred fifty thousand points from the same distribution, and ask workers on Amazon Mechanical Turk to classify visualizations of each sample as a car or not. Fig. _ref_ c visualizes the average of visual features that workers believed were cars. Although our dataset consists of only white noise, a car emerges! Sampling noise may seem unusual to computer vision researchers, but a similar procedure, named classification images, has gained popularity in human psychophysics _cite_ for estimating an approximate template the human visual system internally uses for recognition _cite_ . In the procedure, an observer looks at an image perturbed with random noise and indicates whether they perceive a target category. After a large number of trials, psychophysics researchers can apply basic statistics to extract an approximation of the internal template the observer used for recognition. Since the procedure is done with noise, the estimated template reveals some of the cues that the human visual system used for discrimination. We propose to extend classification images to estimate biases from the human visual system. However, our approach makes two modifications. Firstly, we estimate the template in state-of-the-art computer vision feature spaces _cite_, which allows us to incorporate these biases into learning algorithms in computer vision systems. To do this, we take advantage of algorithms that invert visual features back to images _cite_ . By estimating these biases in a feature space, we can learn biases for how humans may correspond mid-level features, such as shapes and colors, with objects. To our knowledge, we are the first to estimate classification images in vision feature spaces. Secondly, we want our template to be biased by the human visual system and not our choice of dataset. Unlike classification images, we do not perturb real images; instead our approach only uses visualizations of feature space noise to estimate the templates. We capitalize on the ability of people to discern visual objects from random noise in a systematic manner _cite_ .