With the resurgence of deep learning in computer vision starting from N~, the adoption of deep learning methods in medical imaging has increased dramatically. It is estimated that there were over N papers published in N and N in major medical imaging related conference venues and journals~ . The wide adoption of deep learning in the medical imaging community is due to its demonstrated potential to complement image interpretation and augment image representation and classification. In this article, we focus on one of the most interesting recent breakthroughs in the field of deep learning-generative adversarial networks (GANs)-and their potential applications in the field of medical imaging. GANs are a special type of neural network model where two networks are trained simultaneously, with one focused on image generation and the other centered on discrimination. The adversarial training scheme has gained attention in both academia and industry due to its usefulness in counteracting domain shift, and effectiveness in generating new image samples. This model has achieved state-of-the-art performance in many image generation tasks, including text-to-image synthesis~, super-resolution~, and image-to-image translation~ . Unlike deep learning which has its roots traced back to the Ns~, the concept of adversarial training is relatively new with significant recent progress~ . This paper presents a general overview of GANs, describes their promising applications in medical imaging, and identifies some remaining challenges that need to be solved to enable their successful application in other medical imaging related tasks. To present a comprehensive overview of all relevant works on GANs in medical imaging, we searched databases including PubMed, arXiv, proceedings of the International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI), SPIE Medical Imaging, IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI), and International conference on Medical Imaging with Deep Learning (MIDL) . We also incorporated cross referenced works not identified in the above search process. Since there are research publications coming out every month, without losing generality, we set the cut off time of the search as January Nst, N. Works on arXiv that report only preliminary results are excluded from this review. Descriptive statistics of these papers based on task, imaging modality and year can be found in Figure~ _ref_ . = [dash pattern = on Npt off Npt on \the \pgflinewidth off Npt] \def \def \def \def \def \def \def The remainder of the paper is structured as follows. We begin with a brief introduction of the principles of GANs and some of its structural variants in Section~ _ref_ . It is followed by a comprehensive review of medical image analysis tasks using GANs in Section~ _ref_ including but not limited to the fields of radiology, histopathology and dermatology. We categorize all the works according to canonical tasks: reconstruction, image synthesis, segmentation, classification, detection, registration, and others. Section~ _ref_ summarizes the review and discusses prospective applications and identifies open challenges.