Alterations in the geometry and function of the heart (remodeling) are used as criteria to diagnose and classify cardiovascular diseases as well as risk-stratify individual patients _cite_ . For instance, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), a leading cause of sudden death in adults _cite_, is an inherited disease of the heart muscle which manifests clinically with unexplained left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and can occur in many different patterns that are not readily quantifiable _cite_ . Cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) has become the gold-standard imaging technique for quantitative assessment in the diagnosis and risk-stratification of cardiomyopathy _cite_ . However, image interpretation is often dependent on both clinical expertise and effective diagnostic criteria, making automated data-driven approaches appealing for patient classification-especially as conventional manual analysis is not sensitive to the complex phenotypic manifestations of inherited heart disease. In recent years, large population cohorts have been recruited, such as the UK Biobank study with cardiac imaging in up N, N participants _cite_, requiring new approaches to high-throughput analysis. Learning-based approaches that can capture complex phenotypic variation could offer an objective data-driven means of disease classification without human intervention. Indeed, early work has shown the potential of machine learning algorithms in distinguishing benign from pathological hypertrophy from multiple manually-derived cardiac parameters _cite_ . Deep learning approaches have recently achieved outstanding results in the field of medical imaging due to their ability to learn complex non-linear functions, but they lack interpretability in the feature extraction and decision processes, limiting their clinical value. In this work, we propose a variational autoencoder (VAE) model _cite_ based on ND convolutional layers, which is employed for classification of cardiac diseases associated with structural remodeling. This generative model enables us to visualise and leverage interpretable task-specific anatomical patterns learned from the segmentation data. The performance of the proposed approach is evaluated for the classification of healthy volunteers (HVols) and HCM subjects on our own dataset multi-centre cohort and on the ACDC MICCAI N challenge dataset. This work makes two major contributions. First, we introduce a deep learning architecture which can discriminate between different clinical conditions through task-specific interpretable features, making the classification decision process transparent. Second, we develop a method to visualise and quantify the learned pathology-specific remodeling in the original space of the images, providing a data-driven method to study complex phenotypic manifestations. Given the high dimensionality of medical images, a popular approach in the literature is to analyze them by constructing statistical shape models of the heart using finite elements models or segmentation and co-registration algorithms to derive subject-specific meshes _cite_ . Similar to brain image analysis, principal component analysis (PCA) is then subsequently performed on these point distribution models to learn their main modes of deformation. These modes are then employed in the discrimination of distinct groups of subjects by their shape differences or to identify the ones mostly associated with diseases _cite_ . However, PCA shape components do not define the features that differentiate between disease classes. For this purpose, approaches that search for new axes of variation that are clinically-meaningful have been proposed _cite_ . Relevant to this work, in the brain imaging domain, Shakeri et al. _cite_ employed a VAE model based on two fully connected layers to learn a low-dimensional representation of co-registered hippocampal meshes, which is later employed in a multi-layer perceptron to classify patients with Alzheimer disease. By contrast, the proposed method can exploit a deep convolutional neural network architecture directly on the segmentation maps to learn a discriminative latent space in an end-to-end fashion.