Discovering objects in scenes is one of the fundamental problems in the computer vision field. Deep neural networks have been promising for the purpose, but still need a large-scale, annotated dataset for training. There have been numerous efforts to work with an unsupervised setup, e.g. based on generative or, most notably, mixed generative-discriminative networks (GANs) ~ _cite_ . Some recent works have focused on extending the training dataset, using a supervised dataset to synthesize additional, realistic data~ _cite_ . Powered by adversarial learning, supervised GANs can generate more accurate images based on distinguishing different classes and fake from real data. To tackle the weakly supervised object detection, creating accurate object templates for each image independently and finding location of object instances by those templates is one solution. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to tackle object detection and discovery using GANs, and that also in a weakly supervised manner. As a wider context for the work, using a combination of encoder based conditional GANs with ranking objective can be utilized to extract the correct templates of objects in an image. The image is encoded by a CNN and our generative network draws a realistic sample of a specific object in the image using indication of its location. The discriminator and our ranking network help the generator to synthesize the most realistic and correct sample. Our scheme combines conditional GANs, adversarial learning, and a feature space similarity metric. The objective, i.e. the new ranking loss, helps the generator at training time to discriminate between the objects, and to learn the relevant features from the encoder network that allows it to draw the object samples (see Fig.~ _ref_) . Thus our motivation to propose such a pipeline is to solve the problem of finding nice object instance templates for each image and to do so powerful and novel generative models are promising solutions. Nguyen et al.~ _cite_ showed that adding supervision information like class labels helps to learn generating more realistic images. In addition to using object labels, we incorporate a similarity ranking between different category of samples. This strengthens the cooperation between the generator and discriminator when synthesizing the object instances. Another advantage of our work is that it exploits deep generative models to allow for weak supervision. For training the object detector in weakly labeled setting, we do not use ground-truth bounding boxes. Instead, the weakly supervised object detector searches itself for the possible locations of object samples in the training images. Our novel GAN generates object templates similar to the actual object samples present in the image. After this step, it uses the synthesized templates which look like the real objects to find the accurate location of object instance. Eventually these locations are handed over to train the detector as a pseudo ground-truth. Our GAN and ranking networks use ImageNet-like categories without bounding boxes to learn feature space similarity and supervise the ranking process. Our approach has been evaluated in several scenarios: realistic image generation, object instance extraction, multi-class object classification, and object localization with single/multi instances per image. Our contributions are as follows: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ discusses related work. We introduce the GANs in section ~ _ref_ and explain the core of the work in section~ _ref_ and describe the weakly supervised GAN for object detection in section~ _ref_ . The experiments are presented in section~ _ref_ . Finally, in section~ _ref_ conclusions are drawn.