Single-image super-resolution (SISR) is a popular computer vision problem, which aims to reconstruct a high-resolution (HR) image from a low-resolution (LR) image. However, SISR is still considered as an ill-posed inverse problem due to high-level information loss during image downsampling. To solve this problem, many algorithms have been proposed. Early methods~ _cite_, besides bicubic and bilinear interpolation, learned the mapping from LR to HR pairs directly by sacrificing certain accuracy or speed for improvements. Super-Resolution Convolutional Neural Network (SRCNN) proposed by Dong et al.~ _cite_ was the first successful model that adopted CNN structure to solve SISR problem and obtained great performance improvement. In SRCNN, convolutional neural network was used to learn non-linear mapping from each LR vector to a set of HR vector. Due to the outstanding performance of SRCNN, several deeper and more complicated models has been proposed to follow it, such as VDSR proposed by Kim et al.~ _cite_ . Though VDSR achieved excellence performance, its speed remained slow speed as it use a very deep residual convolutional network and an upscale image preprocess. To avoid the complexities of feature extraction network and upscale preprocess, Shi et al.~ _cite_ replaced upscale preprocess with sub-pixel convolution layers. The sub-pixel layers could produce HR image from feature maps directly with a set of up-scaling filters. This architecture greatly improved the speed of networks. Therefore, following the strategy of up-sampling layer, Ledig et al.~ _cite_ further proposed a SRResNet with a very deep ResNet~ _cite_ architecture. Lai et al.~ _cite_ proposed the LapSRN, which use learned kernel as up-sampling unit to direct produced SR images. In spite of great success achieved in the above architectures, the main issue that how to model mapping from LR to HR images better in a fast and flexible way remained unsolved. In this paper, we have proposed a Super-Resolution Squeeze-and-Excitation Network (SrSENet) for SISR. The concept of SEBlock~ _cite_ is employed to better modeling interdependencies between channels. Short connections from input to each SEBlock are used to remedy information lost. And different deconvolution layers are used for different scales under the same feature extraction architecture. The proposed method is evaluated on some popular publicly available benchmarks. Extensive experiments show that our proposed model can achieves competitive accuracy in a more accurate and flexible way. It can greatly reduce model’s complexity by using less layers and allow designing more flexible applications. The contributions of this paper are two folds: