Fetal ultrasound (US) imaging plays a fundamental role in the monitoring of fetal growth during pregnancy and in the measurement of the fetus well-being. Growth monitoring is becoming increasingly important since there is an epidemiological evidence that abnormal birth weight is associated with an increased predisposition to diseases related to cardiovascular risk (such as diabetes, obesity, hypertension) in young and adults _cite_ . Among the possible biomarkers of adverse cardiovascular remodelling in fetuses and newborns, the most promising ones are the Intima-Media Thickness (IMT) and the stiffness of the abdominal aorta by means of ultrasound examination. Obtaining reliable measurements is critically based on the accurate estimation of the diameter of the aorta over time. However, the poor signal to noise ratio of US data and the fetal movement makes the acquisition of a clear and stable US video challenging. Moreover, the measurements rely either on visual assessment at bed-side during patient examination, or on tedious, error-prone and operator-dependent review of the data and manual tracing at later time. Very few attempts towards automated assessment have been presented _cite_, all of which have computational requirements that prevent them to be used in real-time. As such, they have reduced appeal for the clinical use. In this paper we describe a method for automated measurement of the abdominal aortic diameter directly from fetal US videos. We propose neural network architecture that is able to process US videos in real-time and leverage both the temporal redundancy of US videos and the quasi-periodicity of the aorta diameter. The main contributions of the proposed method are as follows. First we show that a shallow CNN is able to learn imaging features and outperforms classical methods as level-set for fetal abdominal aorta diameter prediction. Second we add to the CNN a Convolution Gated Recurrent Unit (C-GRU) _cite_ for exploiting the temporal redundancy of the features extracted by CNN from the US video sequence. Finally, we add a new penalty term to the loss function used to train the CNN to exploit periodic variations.