Inferences about brain structure is crucial in the diagnosis of numerous disorders and for surgical preparations. A very large number of neuronal connections exist in the human brain that connect various subdivisions, which help in communicating between several parts of brain. The resulting sequences (or pathways) form what we know as fiber tracts. Tractography on diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) data helps in extracting such fiber tracts of the human brain. The left portion of Figure _ref_ shows one such visualization of brain fiber tracts. Estimating clusters of fibers with similar property or which follow similar paths (right parts of Figure _ref_), can provide very useful information for high-level inference. The human brain consist of millions of such fibers and are hierarchically classified. Broadly, there are two kinds of fibers namely gray matter and white matter fibers. The white fibers can be further divided into _inline_eq_ important subdivisions: Arcute, Cingulum, Corticospinal, Forceps Major, Fornix, Inferior Occipitofrontal Fasciculus, Superior Longitudinal Fasciculus and Uncinate. As shown in Figure _ref_ right, the grey fibers are spread in the periphery of the brain, and the eight classes of white matter fibers follow distinctive but highly non-linear paths each linking two different brain regions. Stratification of brain fibers has tremendous amounts of applications in the field of surgical planning involving clipping of brain tissues, and for analysis and treatment of degenerative disorders. However, manual classification of brain fiber tracts can be tedious as there exist millions of such neuronal connections in any given human brain and requires very high level of proficiency. Hence, the need for an automated brain fiber segmentation techniques is vital. Moreover, an automated approach should also consider the common issue of non-registered training and testing brain data. Related Work: Brain fiber classification has been considered in some contemporary works with both unsupervised and supervised techniques. In ~ _cite_, ~ _cite_ unsupervised approaches have been reported. Such unsupervised clustering methods involve manual extraction of region of interests. The authors in ~ _cite_ have employed Hausdorff distance as a similarity measure, and generate a white matter atlas with spectral clustering. The authors in~ _cite_ have considered a key set containing only important fiber points of each class and depending upon the proximity of a fiber with a particular set, the fiber is classified either belonging to same class or not. In~ _cite_, a hierarchical Dirichlet process is used to determine the number of clusters. Another supervised approach presented in~ _cite_, selects few major points having maximum curvature and uses these in a clustering algorithm. The training cluster centers are then used to classify test fibers. Few approaches based on deep learning employ recurrent neural networks (RNN) _cite_, and long-short term memory (LSTM) _cite_ . The approach in _cite_ which uses curvature based pruning and bi-directional LSTMs achieves state-of-the-art performance. However, an important concern not addressed in recent works has been robustness against handling unregistered training and test data, commonly consisting of a relative rotation. Contributions: N) A new fiber structural similarity network (FSNNet) has been proposed using a moderately deep network built with LSTMs and bi-directional LSTM, in a Siamese architecture, for classification of DTI fiber tracts. N) The classification is carried out at coarser level (_inline_eq_ matter), as well as on a finer level of white fibers (into N classes) . N) In addition to registered brain data, we also discuss and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach even in cases of relative rotation between training and test data. N) The proposed architecture and training strategy is computationally efficient; we demonstrate state-of-the-art results with only _inline_eq_ brain fiber pairs used for training.