Image super-resolution and denoising are topics of great interest. Image super-resolution is the task of obtaining a high-resolution image from a low-resolution image. It is an ill posed problem since multiple solutions can exist for a single low-resolution pixel. Initially interpolation-based image super-resolution methods were used since they were extremely simple and fast. Such methods perform dealiasing of the low-resolution image to up-sample. However this introduces severe blurring effects due to which such methods gave sub-optimal results in restoring fine texture details. Sparse coding based methods are also widely used for super-resolution. The method involves several steps in its solution pipeline. However, not all steps in the pipeline are optimized. It has been shown in _cite_ the pipeline used in sparse coding based methods is equivalent to a deep convolutional neural network. This allows optimization of the entire pipeline. The goal of image denoising is to recover a clean image {\it I} from a noisy observation {\it K} which are related as {\it K = I + V} where {\it V} is the noise (generally assumed to be additive white Gaussian noise) . The commonly used metric to measure noise in an image is the Peak-signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) which is the ratio between the maximum possible power of a signal and the power of corrupting noise. In the past, several models have been used for image denoising such as non-local self-similarity (NSS) models, sparse models, gradient models and Markov random field models. Though these methods give high performance in denoising, they are computationally expensive since they involve a complex optimization problem in the testing stage. Discriminative learning methods are being used recently to overcome this disadvantage. In _cite_, Zhang et al. use discriminative learning methods to separate noise from a noisy image using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) . Residual learning of CNN is being widely used now-a-days to solve the problem of performance degradation in deep networks. In residual learning the network learns a mapping from the input image to noise. In our work, we develop a single network capable of performing image super-resolution and denoising. We use the method of residual learning. Instead of learning end-to-end mapping we train the network to output a residual image. This residual image is difference of input image and the original image. The aim of this system is to remove noise and then enhance image resolution (i.e. super-resolution) We name the proposed model super-resolution denoising convolutional neural network (SuRDCNN) . The proposed CNN though deep enough for our task at hand, is quite simple in architecture. We have intentionally kept small convolution kernels and repetitive layer design. This structure gives it capability to learn different noise types of varying level. Moreover, in some aspects the performance of our network is better than some other deep learning models available for similar task. It is worth mentioning that when we compare our model with the models proposed earlier we use same training data and same training time. We trained our network on data set that not only contained patches from different images but also each patch had different (randomly chosen) noise level and noise type.