Owing to various practical reasons such as cost of camera, storage limitation and limited bandwidth, images with low resolution are inevitable. To solve this problem, single image super resolution (SR), with the goal of increasing the resolution of the image from the single input, has been drew considerable attention from different research communities. Techniques for single image SR can be roughly categorized as reconstruction-, example-and interpolation-based approaches. The reconstruction-based approaches _cite_ assume that the registered frames are in compliance with a global blur degradation model, which can be formulated by explicitly modeling deconvolution _cite_ or by allowing blind super resolution with unknown blur degradation _cite_ . Due to the inverse problem with inaccurate blur kernels, reconstruction-based approaches may introduce ringing artifacts around salient structures _cite_ . Opening up a new data-driven direction for single image SR, example-based approaches _cite_ advance in the use of internal or external patch data to increase the resolution by a large factor with synthesized artificial details. However, the synthesized details are not necessarily consistent with real details. Specifically, it is not well grounded that the synthesized patch does bring real details of original optical images into the low resolution version. Though having the advantage in efficiency and balanced performance, interpolation-based approaches, such as bilinear / bicubic / spline, are prone to mix colors along the main edges, especially when encountering large upsampling factors. Most traditional interpolation-based approaches, which use single fixed kernel to interpolate the whole image, are inevitable to blur the main structure, e.g., _cite_ propose a kind of adaptive-interpolation and attempt to resolve this problem. The pursuit of bringing higher visual quality to human visual system is still the fundamental goal of many practical SR approaches. As a matter of fact, human visual system is more sensitive to color and structural changes than absolute color values. Preserving the contrast and sharpness of the salient structural edge is thus crucial for generating visually plausible results. In contrast, some SR approaches _cite_ take interpolation operation first. This may bring negative influences on the main structure because of not good enough initialization. It is beneficial if we can incorporate some techniques to learn multiply edge-preserving kernels for interpolation from sufficient image data. Deep convolutional neural network has been successfully applied to various computer vision tasks including rain/dirt removal _cite_, image deconvolution _cite_, noise removal _cite_ and image in-painting _cite_ . More recently, _cite_ have achieved promising results by incorporating deep learning for SR. In particular, example-based approaches with deep learning framework~ _cite_ propose to capture the mapping between low-and high-resolution images to obtain the state-of-the-art performance. Cui _cite_ advocated the use of cascade networks for super resolution, with a local auto-encoder architecture. Dong _cite_ applied the similar FCN in super resolution. However, these approaches are less optimal for that they tend to interpolate image with pixels equally treated and actual contrast of border/texture ignored during the training procedure. In this paper, we present a local-and holistic-structure preserving neural networks, aiming for salient structural edge preservation. As illustrated in Figure~ _ref_, the proposed model is stacked by two component named Local Structure Preserving sub-network (LSP) and Holistic Structure Preserving sub-network (HSP) . The LSP upsamples the input low resolution patches via a deconvolution network with local structure preserving displacement (Pixel Placement) . The HSP further refines the output of LSP via a fully convolutional layer with a multi-task of structure preserving objective. The main contributions of this paper are organized as follows: (N) We propose a novel deep neural network for super-resolution, which achieves state-of-the-art performance with a small architecture on public SetN _cite_, SetN _cite_ and BSDN _cite_ benchmarks. (N) We make an attempt to re-design the classical interpolation pipeline by replacing building blocks with content-adaptive and structure-aware neural networks. (N) Our study demonstrates that the proposed joint local-and holistic-structure preserving can significantly benefit super resolution.