Modelling and predicting sea level anomalies (SLA) is currently a relevant topic, as sea level responds to global warming directly by thermal expansion of the ocean and indirectly by mass increase through melting ice sheets and glaciers. And with N \% of the world's population living in coastal areas an accurate prediction of SLAs at a high spatial resolution is required. Sea level rise is both spatially and temporally highly variable and therefore especially hard to model. Predictions by ocean models rely on incomplete representation of physical processes, limited spatial resolution, uncertain initial conditions, and scenario-based boundary conditions. Complementing physical ocean modelling, we develop a new approach using neural networks. Neural networks are a powerful mean to solve tasks such as classification, object detection and speech recognition, where they show promising results reaching accuracies superior to classical and shallow state-of-art machine learning algorithms _cite_ . So far, they have barely been explored in the context of sea level prediction. Makarynskyy et al. _cite_ use a single tide gauge to predict the local sea level in a harbour, and Wenzel and Schr \"oter _cite_ use global tide gauge data, to derive average trends and amplitudes for eight different regions. However, they lack a high spatial resolution and the used one-layered fully connected network architectures are simple compared to current networks applied in the computer vision community. Here, in contrast mostly convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and very deep networks are used, as they reach higher accuracies _cite_ . CNNs are particularly suitable for gridded data exploiting the spatial correlations. On the other hand recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and their enhancement Long Short Term Memory networks (LSTM, _cite_) are specifically designed to model time series data. A combination of CNN and RNN has for example been used to predict one frame ahead in video sequences _cite_ . With sequence-to-sequence LSTMs _cite_ it is possible to predict several time steps ahead. Our aim is first to design a sophisticated network composed of a CNN and an RNN to capture both spatial and temporal relations of radar-altimetric SLA fields in the Pacific Ocean and to predict the SLA map of the next month. Then we extend the prediction length to several years.