Age progression~ _cite_, also called age synthesis~ _cite_ or face aging~ _cite_, is defined as aesthetically rendering a face image with natural aging and rejuvenating effects for an individual face. It has been widely applied to various application domains, e.g., cross-age face analysis~ _cite_, authentication systems, finding lost children, entertainment, etc. There are two main categories of solutions to the age progression task: prototyping-based age progression~ _cite_ and modeling-based age progression~ _cite_ . Prototyping-based age progression transfers the difference between two prototypes (e.g., average faces) of the pre-divided source age group and the target age group into the input individual face, of which its age belongs to the source age group. Modeling-based age progression models the facial parameters of different ages (age ranges) for the shape and texture synthesis. Intuitively, the natural aging process of a specific person usually follows the general rules of the human aging process. Meanwhile, the natural aging face of a specific person also contains some personalized facial characteristics, e.g., mole, birthmark, etc., which are almost invariant with time. Generally, prototyping-based age progression methods cannot well preserve this personality of an individual face, since they are based on the general rules of the human aging process for a relatively large population. And modeling-based age progression methods do not specially consider the personalized details for a specific person. Moreover, they require a large number of dense long-term (e.g., age span exceeds N years) face aging sequences for building the complex functions. However, collecting these required sequences in the real world is very difficult or even impossible. Fortunately, we have observed that the short-term (e.g., age span smaller than N years) face aging sequences are available in the Internet, such as photos of celebrities at different ages on Facebook/Twitter. Some available face aging datasets~ _cite_ also contain the dense short-term sequences. Therefore, generating personalized age progression for an individual face by leveraging short-term face aging sequences is more feasible. In this work, we propose a Bi-level Dictionary Learning based Personalized Age Progression (BDL-PAP) method, which leverages short-term face aging pairs to automatically render aging faces in a personalized way, as shown in Figure~ _ref_ . Primarily, based on the aging-(in) variant patterns in the face aging process, an individual face can be decomposed into an aging layer and a personalized layer. The former shows the general aging characteristics (e.g., wrinkles), while the latter shows the personalized facial characteristics (e.g., mole) . For different human age groups (e.g., N-N, N-N, etc), we design the corresponding aging dictionaries to reveal the general aging characteristics, where the dictionary bases with the same index yet from two neighboring aging dictionaries form a particular aging patterns (e.g., they are linked by a dotted line in Figure _ref_) . Therefore, the aging layer of the aging face can be reconstructed by a linear combination of several aging dictionary bases with sparse representation. The motivation of the sparsity assumption is to use fewer dictionary bases for reconstruction such that the reconstructed aging layer of face can be shaper and less blurred~ _cite_ . The residual between the reconstructed aging layer and the input face can be defined as the personalized layer, which is invariant in the aging process. Finally, we render the aging face in a future age group for an input face by fusing the reconstructed aging layer of this age group and the personalized layer. To learn the aging dictionaries, we propose a bi-level dictionary learning model, and utilize the more practical short-term face aging pairs as the training set instead of the possibly unavailable long-term face aging sequences. In the bi-level dictionary learning, we assume that the sparse representation of a younger-aging layer of one face w.r.t. the younger-aging dictionary can directly reconstruct its older-aging layer using the older-aging dictionary. The distribution of the collected face aging pairs in this work is shown in the upper part of Figure~ _ref_ . We can see that: N) ~each age group has its own aging dictionary; N) ~every two neighboring age groups are linked by several dense short-term face aging pairs, which makes all the age groups linked together; N) ~the personalized layer contains the personalized facial characteristics. These three properties are able to guarantee that all aging dictionaries can be trained well by the bi-level dictionary learning on the short-term face aging pairs. The main contributions of this work are summarized as follows: Compared to our preliminary work in~ _cite_, we have the following extensions in this paper: N) ~we extend the preliminary coupled dictionary learning model to a novel bi-level dictionary learning model, which leads to a more effective and efficient personalized age progression method; N) ~we compare the proposed age progression method with more state-of-the-art methods by conducting age progression experiments and cross-age face verification experiments; N) ~we illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed personalized age progression method by comparing to its unpersonalized version; N) ~we show the efficiency of the proposed method by comparing the executing time of different age progression methods. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ reviews related works. Section~ _ref_ details the proposed method, including the whole framework, dictionary learning model, objective function, optimization procedure, and age progression synthesis. Experiments are conducted in Section~ _ref_ . Finally, Section~ _ref_ concludes this work and discusses the future works.