The analysis and enhancement of high-resolution digital acquisitions of paintings is becoming a popular field of research~ _cite_ . Prior work includes the removal of canvas artifacts in high-resolution photographs _cite_, the removal of cradling in X-ray images of paintings on panel _cite_, as well as the detection and digital removal of cracks ~ _cite_ . In this work, we propose a novel framework to separate X-ray images taken from double-sided paintings. A famous piece of art that contains panels painted on both sides is the Ghent Altarpiece (N) created by Jan and Hubert van Eyck. In preparation of its restoration, the masterpiece was digitized by means of various modalities: visual photography, infrared photography and reflectography, and X-radiography _cite_ . The latter is a powerful tool for art investigation, as it reveals information about the structural condition of the painting. However, X-ray scans of double-sided paintings are very cluttered, thus making their reading by art experts difficult. The reason is that these images contain information from both sides of the painting as well as its support (wood structure or canvas) . Prior work on umixing signals focuses mostly on the blind source separation (BSS) problem, where the task is to retrieve the different signal sources from one or more linear mixtures. Independent component analysis (ICA) _cite_---where the sources are assumed to be statistically independent---and nonnegative matrix factorization---where the sources are considered or transformed into a nonnegative representation _cite_---are representative methods to solve the BSS problem. Alternative solutions adhere to a Bayesian formulation, via, for example, Markov random fields _cite_ . Sparsity is another source prior, heavily exploited in BSS problems _cite_, with morphological component analysis (MCA) being a state-of-the-art method. The assumption in MCA is that each source has a different morphology; namely, it has a sparse representation over a set of bases, alias, dictionaries, while being non-sparse over other dictionaries. The dictionaries can be pre-defined, for instance, the wavelet or the discrete cosine transform (DCT), or learned from a set of training signals. Seminal dictionary learning works include the method of optimal directions (MOD) _cite_ and the K-SVD algorithm _cite_, both utilizing the orthogonal matching pursuit (OMP) _cite_ method to perform sparse signal decomposition. Recently, MCA has been combined with K-SVD, thus enabling dictionaries to be learned while separating _cite_ . The assumptions in previous source separation methods are not fitting our problem as both sources have similar morphological and statistical traits. In this work, we propose a novel method to perform separation of X-ray images of paintings by using images of another modality as side information. Our approach consists of two steps: N) learning multi-scale dictionaries from photographs and X-rays of single-sided panels (in which the X-rays are not mixed), and N) separating the given mixed X-ray from a double-sided panel, using those dictionaries and the photographs from each side. Previous work has used coupled dictionary learning to address problems in audio-visual analysis _cite_, super-resolution _cite_, photo-sketch synthesis _cite_, and human pose estimation _cite_ . Besides the application domain, our method differs from prior work in the way we model the correlation between the sources. Experimental evidence proves that our method is superior compared to the state-of-the-art MCA technique, configured either with fixed or trained dictionaries.