To make an application more secure and less accessible to undesired people, we need to be able to distinguish a person from the others. There are various ways to identify a person such as keys, passwords and cards. However, biometrics are the most secure options so far. They are virtually impossible to imitate by any other than the desired person himself. They can be divided into two categories: behavioral and physiological features. Behavioral features are those actions that a person can uniquely create or express, such as signatures, walking rhythm, and the physiological features are those characteristics that a person possesses, such as fingerprints and iris pattern. Many works revolved around recognition and categorization of such data including, but not limited to, fingerprints, faces, palmprints and iris patterns _cite_-_cite_ . Fingerprint is perhaps one of the most popular biometrics. It has been used in various applications such as forensics, transaction authentication, etc _cite_ . Many of the algorithms proposed for fingerprint recognition are minutiae-based matching. The major minutiae features of fingerprint ridges are ridge ending, bifurcation, and short ridge. In many of these algorithms, minutiae are extracted from the test and input fingerprint images, and the number of corresponding minutiae pairings between these two images is used to verify the test fingerprint image. In the case of low quality fingerprint images, new foreground segmentation approaches can be used to extract the minutiae from fingerprints with an enhanced quality _cite_ . There are also a lot of image representations and feature-based algorithms for fingerprint recognition. In _cite_, Park proposed a fingerprint recognition system based on SIFT features. They extract SIFT feature points in scale space and perform matching based on the texture information around the feature points using the SIFT operator. Among more recent works, in _cite_, Cappelli proposed a new representation based on ND data structure built from minutiae distances and angles called Minutia Cylinder-Code (MCC) . In _cite_, Zhao proposed to use pore matching approach toward fingerprint recognition. In _cite_, Zhao proposed an adaptive pore modeling for fingerprint recognition. Many of the biometric recognition systems involve a lot of pre-processing steps which are specifically designed for that kind of data and the final performance largely depends on the goodness of those steps. Most of them use a single layer representation of the image which may not be able to extract very discriminative set of features, and some of them may work well on some of the datasets but not on the other ones. Therefore, there have been a lot of efforts to design some supervised or unsupervised feature representation which works pretty well over various datasets and problems. These image representations should have invariance with respect to intra-class variation in the data. Scattering transform/network is one of such representations. Scattering network is a convolutional network in which the filters and architectures are predefined wavelet filters _cite_ . It can be designed such that it is invariant to a family of transformation and small deformations _cite_ . Due to tremendous success of deep scattering networks to achieve state-of-the-art results in several image and audio classification benchmarks _cite_, it is interesting to know how this representation works for biometric recognition. In _cite_, the scattering transform is used for iris recognition and achieved very high accuracy rate. It can also be for extraction of features from MRI and other medical images _cite_ . Here scattering transformation is used for fingerprint recognition. One advantage of deep scattering network is that all the architecture is known in advance and it does not require any learning of the weights and one could get very rich set of features by going up to two levels in this network. Therefore the proposed algorithm is very fast and can be implemented in electronic devices in conjunction with energy-efficient algorithms _cite_, _cite_ . After the scattering features are extracted, their dimensionality is reduced using PCA _cite_ . At the end, multi-class SVM is used to perform classification using PCA features. This algorithm is tested on the well-known PolyU fingerprint database _cite_ and achieved very high accuracy rate. Four sample fingerprint images of this database are shown in Figure N. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section N describes the features which are used in this work. The details of scattering transformation is provided in Section N and the PCA algorithm is explained in Section N Section N contains the explanation of the classification scheme. The results of our experiments and comparisons with other works are presented in Section N and the paper is concluded in Section N.