y observing digital images in hundreds of continuous narrow spectral bands spanning the visible to infrared wavelengths, hyperspectral imagery (HSI) contains both detailed spatial structure and spectral information _cite_ . Due to its ability to distinguish more subtle differences between ground cover classes than traditional multi-spectral imagery _cite_, HSI has been widely used in many fields such as environmental monitoring, precision agriculture, urban planning, and earth observation _cite_ . Classification of each pixel in HSI plays a crucial role in these real applications, but the traditional classification methods commonly cause the Hughes phenomena because of the high dimensional characteristic of spectral features _cite_ . Therefore, the most important and urgent issue is how to reduce the number of bands largely with some valuable intrinsic information preserved _cite_ . In recent years, many dimensionality reduction (DR) methods have been proposed to reduce the number of spectral bands in HSI. Principal component analysis (PCA) _cite_ and linear discriminant analysis (LDA) _cite_ are two widely used subspace learning methods which project high-dimensional data into a lower-dimensional embedding space by using a set of optimal basis vectors, but they cannot reveal the intrinsic structure in HSI data _cite_ . While manifold learning methods are useful to analyze the data that lie on or near a manifold in the original data space, many manifold learning methods have been introduced for discovering the intrinsic structure in high-dimensional data _cite_, such as local linear embedding (LLE) _cite_, isometric feature mapping (ISOMAP) _cite_, laplacian eigenmaps (LE) _cite_, and t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (t-SNE) _cite_ . However, these methods are non-linear techniques, and the issue of how to map unknown data points into embedding space remains difficult _cite_ . To solve this problem, many linear manifold learning methods were developed to directly map unknown samples into embedding space, e.g. locality preserving projection (LPP) _cite_, neighborhood preserving embedding (NPE) _cite_ and parametric supervised t-SNE _cite_ . In order to unify these methods, a graph embedding (GE) framework has been proposed to analyze the DR methods on the basis of statistics or geometry theory _cite_ . However, the above DR methods only consider the spectral information and neglect the spatial correlations among pixels in HSI, which restricts their discriminant capability for classification in real applications _cite_ . Therefore, many spatial-spectral DR methods have been proposed to fuse spatial correlation and spectral information for enhancing the classification performance. Wei . _cite_ proposed a spatial coherence-neighborhood preserving embedding (SC-NPE) method, which considered spatial context of pixels by adopting the difference between the surrounding patch of pixels, and then mapped the raw data into the low-dimensional space through an optimized local linear embedding. Zhou . _cite_ developed a spatial-domain local pixel neighborhood preserving embedding (LPNPE) method, and it seeks a linear projection matrix such that the local pixel neighborhood preserving scatter is minimized and the total scatter is maximized in the projected space simultaneously. Feng . _cite_ defined discriminate spectral-spatial margins (DSSMs) to reveal the local information of hyperspectral pixels and explore the global structure of both labeled and unlabeled data via low-rank representation. The aforementioned spatial-spectral combined methods just use the spatial information to represent the similarity relationship or reveal the spatial neighborhood relationship of HSI data within a certain spatial window, which ignore the influence of spatial information in the construction of adjacency graph. To overcome the aforementioned drawbacks, we proposed a new unsupervised DR method termed spatial-spectral manifold reconstruction preserving embedding (SSMRPE) for hyperspectral imagery classification. The SSMRPE method makes full use of spatial structure and spectral information in HSI to extract discriminant features for classification, and the main characteristics of this DR method can be concluded as: N) As a preprocessing step, a spatial weighted mean filter (WMF) method is explored to reduce noise and smoothen the homogeneous regions in HSI; N) Compared with traditional Euclidean distance, the proposed spatial-spectral combined distance (SSCD) is a helpful way to choose effective spatial-spectral neighbors by incorporating the spatial structure and spectral information simultaneously; N) A spatial-spectral adjacency graph is constructed to discover the manifold structure of HSI data, and the aggregation of data is enhanced through adjusting the reconstruction weight of spatial neighbors to extract the discriminant features. Experimental results on PaviaU and Salinas hyperspectral datasets show that the proposed SSMRPE method achieved better classification performance than some state-of-art DR methods. This paper is organized as follows. In Section II, we briefly review some related works. Section III details our proposed method. Experimental results on two real hyperspectral data sets are presented in Section IV to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed SSMRPE method. Finally, Section V provides some concluding remarks and suggestions for future work.