Human activity recognition~ (HAR) aims to seek high-level knowledge from the low-level sensor inputs~ _cite_ . For example, we can detect if a person is walking or running using the on-body sensors such as the smartphone or the wristband. HAR has been widely used to applications such as smart care~ _cite_, wireless sensing~ _cite_, adaptive systems~ _cite_, and smart home sensing~ _cite_ . Activities are of great importance to a person's health status. When a person is performing some activities, each of his body parts has certain activity patterns. Thus, sensors can be attached on some body positions to collect activity data which can be used to build machine learning models in order to recognize their activities. The combination of sensor signals from different body positions can be used to reflect meaningful knowledge such as a person's detailed health conditions~ _cite_ and working states~ _cite_ . Unfortunately, it is nontrivial to designing wearing styles for a wearable device. On the one hand, it is not bearable to equip all the body positions with sensors which makes the activities not natural. Therefore, we can only attach sensors on limited body positions. On the other hand, it is impossible to perform HAR if the labels on some body positions are missing, since the activity patterns on specific body positions are significant to recognize certain information. Figure~ _ref_ illustrates this situation. Assume this person is suffering from Small Vessel Disease (SVD) ~ _cite_, which is a severe brain disease heavily related to activities. However, we cannot equip his all body with sensors to acquire the labels since this will make his activities unnatural. We can only label the activities on certain body parts in reality. If the doctor wants to see his activity information on the arm (the red pentacle, we call it the target domain), which only contains sensor readings instead of labels, how to utilize the information on other parts (such as torso or leg, we call them the source domains) to help obtain the labels on the target domain? This is referred to as the cross-position activity recognition (CPAR) . In this paper, we mainly focus on recognizing daily activities using sensors from a single body position. The problem of CPAR is extremely challenging. Firstly, we do not know which body part is the most similar to the target position since the sensor signals are not independent, but highly correlated because of the shared body structures and functions. If we use all the body parts as the source domain, there is likely to be negative transfer~ _cite_ because some body parts may be dissimilar. Secondly, we only have the raw activity data on the target domain without the actual activity labels, making it infeasible to measure the similarities between different body positions. Thirdly, even when we know the similar body parts to the target domain, it is still difficult to build a good machine learning model using both the source and the target domains. The reason is that signals from different domains are following different distributions, which means there are distribution discrepancies between them. However, traditional machine learning models are built by assuming that all signals follow the same distribution. Fourthly, when it comes to multiple persons, the sensor readings are more different compared to different body parts on one person. This makes the problem more challenging. To tackle the above challenges, several transfer learning methods have been proposed~ _cite_ . The key is to learn and reduce the distribution divergence (distance) between two domains. With the distance, we can perform source domain selection as well as knowledge transfer. Based on this principle, existing methods can be summarized into two categories: exploiting the correlations between features~ _cite_, or transforming both the source and the target domains into a new shared feature space~ _cite_ . Existing approaches tend to reduce the global distance by projecting all samples in both domains into a single subspace. However, they fail to consider the local property within classes~ _cite_ . The global distance may result in loss of domain local property such as the source label information and the similarities within the same class. Therefore, it will generate a negative impact on the source selection as well as the transfer learning process. It is necessary to exploit the local property of classes to overcome the limitation of global distance learning. In this paper, we propose a Stratified Transfer Learning (STL) framework to tackle the challenges of both source domain selection and knowledge transfer in CPAR. The term stratified comes from the notion of spliting at different levels and then combining . We adopt the well-established assumption that data samples within the same class should lay on the same subspace, even if they come from different domains~ _cite_ . Thus, stratified refers to transformed subspace . This has motivated us to propose the concept of Stratified distance (SD) in comparison to traditional Global distance (GD) . STL has two components regarding the challenges in CPAR: a Stratified Domain Selection (STL-SDS) algorithm to select the most similar source domain to the target domain, and a Stratified Activity Transfer (STL-SAT) method to perform activity knowledge transfer between different body parts. Both STL-SDS and STL-SAT are able to exploit the local property of domains, thus they can achieve promising results in CPAR. Comprehensive experiments on three large public activity recognition datasets (i.e. OPPORTUNITY, PAMAPN, and UCI DSADS) demonstrate that STL-SDS is better than the existing global distance approaches used in selecting source domains. STL-SAT outperforms five state-of-the-art methods with a significant improvement of N \% in classification accuracy with improved _inline_eq_ score. Contributions. Our contributions are four-fold: N) We propose the Stratified Transfer Learning (STL) framework for source domain selection and knowledge transfer in CPAR. STL is the first attempt to exploit the Stratified distance (SD) in order to capture the local property between domains. SD is a general distance that can be applied to different transfer learning applications. N) We propose the Stratified Domain Selection (STL-SDS) algorithm to accurately select the most similar source domain to the target domain. Experiments demonstrate the superiority of STL-SDS compared to the traditional global distance measure. N) We propose the Stratified Activity Transfer (STL-SAT) method to perform knowledge transfer for cross-position activity recognition. Experiments demonstrate significantly improved accuracy achieved by STL-SAT compared to five state-of-the-art methods. N) We extensively investigate the performance of cross-position activity recognition on different degrees of position similarity and different levels of activities. And we additionally discuss the potential of STL in other pervasive computing applications, providing experience for future research. This paper is an extended version of our PerCom paper~ _cite_, where we proposed a stratified transfer learning algorithm for activity transfer. That algorithm is regarded as STL-SAT in this paper. Beyond that, we further extend the idea of stratified learning and propose the stratified distance as the similarity measurement for domains. Based on this, we propose the STL-SDS algorithm for source domain selection. On the top, we unite STL-SDS and STL-SAT into a framework for CPAR and conduct extensive experiments to evaluate their performance. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ reviews the related work. Section~ _ref_ introduces the proposed stratified transfer learning framework. In Section~ _ref_, we present experimental evaluation and analysis on public datasets. In Section~ _ref_, we discuss the potential of the framework in other real applications. Finally, the conclusions and future work are presented in Section~ _ref_ .