Face-based age estimation is an active research topic, which is intended to predict the age of a subject based on the appearance of his or her face. Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been proved to be capable of dramatically boosting the performance of many mainstream computer vision problems ~ _cite_ . Neuroscience shows that when the primate brain is processing the facial information, different neurons respond to different facial features~ _cite_ . Inspired by this fact, we intuitively assume that the accuracy of age estimation may be largely improved if the CNN could learn from age-specific patches. Consequently, in this paper, we propose the Fusion Network (FusionNet), a novel CNN architecture for face-based age estimation. Specifically, FusionNets take the face and several age-specific facial patches as successive inputs. This data feeding sequence is shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . As illustrated in the figure, there are a total of \ (n + N \) inputs (one face and \ (n \) facial patches) being fed into the network. The aligned face, which provides most of the information, is the primary input that is fed to the lowest layer to have the longest learning path. After all the inputs are fed into the network, the final prediction is calculated based on this fused information that is learned through the convolutional layers. We show later that the input at the middle-level layers can be viewed as shortcut connections that boost the flow of the age-specific features. The main contribution of this work is that we propose the FusionNet to solve the face-based age estimation problem. To the best of our knowledge, our network is the first CNN-based model in which the learning of age-specific features is enhanced by using selected input patches. Moreover, those input patches form short-cut connections that complement the learning process, which is useful to boost the performance. Experiments prove that the FusionNet significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on the MORPH II benchmark~ _cite_ . The rest of this paper is organized as follows. In Section N, we review the related works on age estimation and CNNs. In Section N, we present the proposed method in detail. In Section N, we show the performance of the proposed network and compare it with the results from other papers. Finally, we conclude our work in Section N.