Deep learning is driving significant advances in automated analysis and interpretation of medical images for applications spanning reconstruction, segmentation, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment response assessment in radiology, dermatology, pathology, oncology and ophthalmology _cite_ . Typically, medical imaging studies employ supervised convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that require large datasets annotated by experts to obtain high predictive performance. In many applications, this annotation burden is further exacerbated by the need for multiple annotations to reduce labeling noise _cite_ . Semi-supervised deep learning (SSL) algorithms that combine small labeled datasets with larger unlabeled datasets offer a means to address these limitations. Recent works have explored SSL approaches based on generative adversarial networks (GANs), and showed applicability to classifying skin and heart disease _cite_ . While these studies have demonstrated feasibility of the GAN approach, they have been limited to low resolution images (_inline_eq_ to _inline_eq_ pixels) and to applications where clinically relevant features are present in large parts of the image. However, in many cases, clinical image classification relies on fine features that are only visible in high resolution images and/or are sparsely distributed throughout the image. Further, the ability to interpret classifier predictions would be desirable in practical scenarios. To address these needs, we frame the semi-supervised medical image classification problem as one of learning from very few labeled images with granular annotations, alongside a larger set of unlabeled images. As an example, we consider patch-level annotations for the labeled set, and propose to perform SSL at the patch level. We then aggregate predictions from individual patches of a given image into an image-level classification without requiring additional annotation. As this approach treats images as composites of finely labeled entities, it can overcome the resolution and interpretation limitations encountered in previous works employing SSL using GANs for medical imaging and computer vision applications _cite_ . We demonstrate this approach on the task of classifying abnormalities in retinal fundoscopy images obtained from Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) patients. DR patients are diagnosed based on the presence of fine-scaled, sparse and localized microaneurysms, soft exudates, hard exudates, and hemorrhages, which are hard to annotate. Therefore, computer-aided screening for early detection and intervention _cite_ requires high-resolution images. We show that our GAN-based semi-supervised method can provide accurate classification with far fewer labeled samples than CNN-based supervised methods. Further, we demonstrate that our method can effectively detect fine-scale anomalies and classify spatially sparse abnormalities in an interpretable manner. Finally, we discuss directions to enable translation of semi-supervised deep learning methods for practical use in clinical imaging.