Cross-modal hashing aims to map heterogeneous multimedia data into a common Hamming space, which can realize fast and flexible retrieval across different modalities. Supervised cross-modal hashing methods have achieved considerable progress by incorporating semantic side information. However, they mainly have two limitations: (N) Heavily rely on large-scale labeled cross-modal training data which are labor intensive and hard to obtain, since multiple modalities are involved. (N) Ignore the rich information contained in the large amount of unlabeled data across different modalities, especially the margin examples from another modality that are easily to be incorrectly retrieved, which can help to model the correlations between different modalities. To address these problems, in this paper we propose a novel Semi-supervised Cross-Modal Hashing approach by Generative Adversarial Network (SCH-GAN) . We aim to take advantage of GAN's ability for modeling data distributions, so that SCH-GAN can model the distribution across different modalities, and select informative margin examples from large amount of unlabeled data to promote cross-modal hashing learning in an adversarial way. The main contributions can be summarized as follows: (N) We propose a novel generative adversarial network for cross-modal hashing. In our proposed SCH-GAN, the generative model tries to select margin examples of one modality from unlabeled data when giving a query of another modality (e.g. giving a text query to retrieve images and vice versa) . While the discriminative model tries to distinguish the selected examples and true positive examples of the query. These two models play a minimax game so that the generative model can promote the hashing performance of discriminative model. (N) We propose a reinforcement learning based algorithm to drive the training of proposed SCH-GAN. The generative model takes the correlation score predicted by discriminative model as a reward, and tries to select the examples close to the margin to promote discriminative model by maximizing the margin between positive and negative data. Extensive experiments compared with N state-of-the-art methods on N widely-used datasets verify the effectiveness of our proposed approach.