Imaging in the non-visible region of the spectrum has a plethora of applications owing to its unique properties _cite_ . For example, improved penetration of infrared waves through fog and smog enables imaging through scattering media. However, prohibitive sensing costs in the non-visible range have limited its widespread use . Many works have proposed Compressive Sensing (CS) _cite_ as a viable solution for high-resolution imaging beyond the visible range of spectrum _cite_ . Compressive sensing theory states that signals exhibiting sparsity in some transform domain can be reconstructed from much lower measurements than sampling at Nyquist rate _cite_ . Lesser the number of measurements lesser is the cost of sensing. The single-pixel camera (SPC) is a classical example of CS framework _cite_ . In SPC, a single photo diode is used to capture compressive measurements and then reconstruct back the whole scene. A challenge faced by CS reconstruction algorithms is to recover a high dimensional signal from a small number of measurements. This ill-posed nature of the reconstruction makes data priors essential. Often, signals exhibit sparse structure in some transform domain. For example, natural images in the domain of wavelets, DCT coefficients or gradients. Initially, reconstruction methods exploited this prior knowledge about the signal structure thereby restricting the solution set to desired signal _cite_ . However, using these simple sparsity based priors at very low measurement rates results in low-quality reconstructions (see TVALN reconstruction in fig. _ref_) . This is due to their inability to capture the complexity of natural image statistics. On the other hand, data-driven approaches have been proposed recently to handle the complexity _cite_ . They led to successful results in terms of reconstruction. But all of these approaches handle only local multiplexing i.e measurements are taken from image patches and recovery is also done patch wise. This is not appealing for classical SPC framework as such since measurements are acquired through global multiplexing. To address these problems, in this work we propose to use a data-driven global image prior, RIDE, proposed by Theis et al. _cite_ for CS image recovery. RIDE uses recurrent networks with Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) units and is shown to model the long-term dependencies in images very well. Also, being recurrent it is not limited to patch size, hence can handle the global multiplexing in SPC. Our contributions are as follows: