Magnetic Resonance (MR) Imaging is widely adopted in many diagnostic applications due to its improved soft-tissue contrast, non-invasiveness and excellent spatial resolution. However, MRI is associated with long scan durations as the data is read out sequentially in k-space and the speed at which the k-space can be traversed is limited by the underlying imaging physics. This in turn limits the clinical use of MRI, causes inconvenience to patients, and renders this modality expensive and less accessible. One potential approach to accelerate MRI acquisition is to undersample k-space i.e. reduce the number of k-space traversals made during acquisition. However, such an undersampling violates the Nyquist-Shannon Sampling theorem~ _cite_ and generates aliasing artefacts upon reconstruction. A learning based reconstruction algorithm should effectively compensate for missing k-space samples by leveraging a priori knowledge of the anatomy at hand and the undersampling pattern. Deep learning is being increasingly adopted for MR reconstruction. Instead of using handcrafted features, Hammernik et al. ~ _cite_ demonstrated learning a set of regularizers under a variational framework, for reconstruction of accelerated MRI data. Kinam et al. ~ _cite_ used the multilayer perceptron for accelerated parallel MRI. These works were further extended using techniques such as, deep residual learning~ _cite_, domain adaptation~ _cite_, data consistency layer~ _cite_, manifold approximation (AUTOMAP) ~ _cite_, to name a few. However, all of the above mentioned reconstruction methods employ real-valued convolution operations in the spatial-domain by treating real (amplitude) and imaginary (phase) parts as two independent components. It should be noted that unlike multi-channel images (such as RGB images) where individual channels are acquired independently, MR data is inherently complex-valued in nature. Quadrature detection is employed to measure the changing circularly polarized magnetic field within the scanner which results in two simultaneously acquired data streams with a _inline_eq_ phase difference. Upon digitization, these signals constitute the real and imaginary parts of each complex data point in the k-space. The magnitude derived from this complex valued data mainly carries information about proton density as well as relaxation properties of the tissue. The phase can be used to obtain the information, for example, about magnetic susceptibility, flow, or temperature. To faithfully recover the complete k-space, it is important to learn the co-relationship between these data-streams. In this paper, for the first time, we explore end-to-end learning with complex-valued data targeted at MR reconstruction. Towards this, we propose the Complex Dense Fully Convolutional Network (_inline_eq_ DFNet) by introducing densely connected fully convolutional blocks made with layers supporting deep learning operations on complex valued data. Complex-valued arithmetic operators for deep learning were proposed by Trabelsi et al. ~ _cite_ where complex counterparts of convolution, batch-normalization, network initialization etc. were explored. We also propose a composite loss function that simultaneously minimizes reconstruction error while improving structural similarity.