Land-use change (LUC) modeling is an effective approach for predicting the future land-use pattern of urban areas. LUC modeling provides supporting evidence for urban planners and stakeholders' decision-making. Moreover, LUC modeling provides valuable information for environmental and ecological evaluation . The LUC process is complicated; it is driven by natural, social and economic factors . To describe the process, modern LUC modeling uses a series of transitional rules, which are usually determined by assimilating several essential driving factors, such as neighborhood effect and accessibility. Cellular automata (CA) simulates the complex transitional rules by stacking simple neighborhood rules . Given its simple but effective mechanism, CA has become the most prevalent approach in LUC modeling over the last decade . CA's effectiveness also indicates the important role of neighborhood rules in LUC modeling; CA variants can enhance CA's performance by modifying, transforming or extending the mechanisms of neighborhood rule construction . Patch-based CA adopts a patch-based simulation strategy rather than a cell-based strategy . It simulates the behavior of LU patches (i.e., homogeneous cells that are spatially connected) to generate overall LU patterns, and this simulation process can be referred to as a mechanism that binds and regularizes the transitional rules of cells that are located in the same neighborhood. Other CA variants combine the CA with statistical learning methods, in which neighborhood characteristics are usually incorporated to estimate the LU transition probability \citep [] {LiN, YangN, Al-sharifN, duNcomparative} . In the integrated modeling system, previous studies show that the accuracy of the intermediate transition probability map greatly influences the final simulated performance . To capture precise neighborhood characteristics, _cite_ designed LU enrichment metrics to measure the relative abundance of LU categories in the neighborhood. _cite_ extended the LU enrichment by assigning various distance-based influence weights. Other studies apply landscape metrics, which were originally used to analyze ecological issues, to the LUC modeling. Several typical categories of landscape metrics are used in LUC modeling studies: area metrics (e.g., largest patch index), shape metrics (e.g., perimeter-area ratio), aggregation metrics (e.g., landscape shape index, contagion, percentage of like adjacencies), and isolation metrics (e.g., landscape similarity index, Euclidean nearest neighbor distance) . However, these approaches have two major limitations. First, they are limited in terms of their ability to capture complex spatial features (e.g., spatial pattern) . Most metrics are designed to capture simple features such as quantity, ratio, area or edge. Moreover, the composite metrics are mainly designed to capture specific aspects of neighborhood characteristics. For instance, contagion specifically represents the aggregation/interspersion degree of neighborhood patches. Finally, these approaches derive spatial features from classified LU maps, which are relatively more homogeneous and have less spatial variance compared with the original satellite images. Convolutional neural networks (CNN), a classic deep-learning method, may be the solution for overcoming the abovementioned limitations. CNN is well-known for its ability to process image data and extract hierarchical features . It learns low-level spatial structures (e.g., edges) from its first convolutional layer and gradually stacks and extracts complex hierarchical spatial features as 'the model goes deeper'. CNN is used to solve various image processing tasks, including image classification, object detection/tracking, semantic segmentation, etc., and has been applied in various fields, including computer vision \citep [] {KrizhevskyN, CoxN}, remote sensing \citep [] {MaggioriN, WangN, LongN}, medical image analysis \citep [] {LiN, QayyumN}, etc. In particular, CNN has recently gained popularity in remote-sensing studies, which is closely related to LUC modeling studies. _cite_ classified hyperspectral images using a CNN with only two layers and achieved state-of-the-art performance. Moreover, deep learning essentially refers to multi-layered interconnected neural networks; its basic form has been used in LUC modeling since the early Ns . Previous researchers have applied neural networks in various ways: standalone application \citep [] {LiuN, WangN}, integration with CA and/or other statistical methods \citep [] {GuanN, GrekousisN, LiN}, etc. These studies found that neural networks can result in reliable LU predictions. Nevertheless, other than the multi-layer perceptron (MLP), powerful neural network variants with advanced architectures are rarely used in LUC modeling studies. In this study, we develop an integrated modeling framework that consists of a hybrid CNN model and a DINAMICA-based CA model to simulate the LUC process of the Saitama prefecture, which is located at the western side of Japan's Greater Tokyo Area. The hybrid CNN model estimates the LU transition probability based both on spatial features learned from satellite images and on manually designed geographical features. The DINAMICA-based CA model simulates the LU pattern by referring to the generated transition probability map. We identify the improvement in predictive performance from incorporating CNN by comparing the accuracies of the transition probability maps, which are estimated using the hybrid CNN model and an MLP model that accepts only geographical features. The area under receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC-ROC) and the area under precision-recall curve (AUC-PR) are employed to evaluate the estimation accuracy. In addition, we develop a convolutional denoising autoencoder (CDAE) model, which learns latent spatial features from satellite images in an unsupervised approach, as an alternative to the supervised CNN model. This study contributes to the existing literature by N) identifying the benefit of utilizing satellite images data through convolutional-based deep learning techniques for LUC modeling and N) elucidating the strengths of the supervised and unsupervised approaches. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section N describes the CNN, CDAE and CA models and the performance evaluation metrics. Section N describes the study area and data. Section N presents the results of the model evaluations and the simulated LU maps. Section N discusses the effects of convolutional filter size, spatial weight layer and pooling and provides visualizations for the two convolutional-based models. Section N concludes.