Deep learning has achieved state-of-the-art performance in many computer vision tasks, such as image classification, semantic segmentation, object recognition, motion tracking and image captioning _cite_ . Convolutional neural networks have become popular since the success of AlexNet _cite_ on the classification task for ImageNet dataset _cite_ mainly for the following reasons: first, large datasets and powerful computational resources are available nowadays; second, convolutional operation on an image is translation-invariant and enables weight sharing for feature extraction; third, the success of activation functions such as rectified linear unit (ReLU) ; fourth, efficient optimization algorithms such as stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and Adam optimizer. \par Deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) have achieved near-radiologist performance in many semantic segmentation tasks in medical image analysis. Fully convolutional neural network (FCN) _cite_ have succeeded in semantic segmentation on Pascal VOC dataset, and U-Net _cite_ achieved the top accuracy in the segmentation of neuronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Other variants of CNN achieve state-of-the-art performance on benchmark semantic segmentation tasks, such as PSPNet _cite_ and DeepLab _cite_ . Among all these variants, U-Net is the most widely used structure in medical image analysis, mainly because the encoder-decoder structure with skip connections allows efficient information flow, and performs well when sufficiently large datasets are not available. \par Many variants of U-Net have been proposed: Alom et al. proposed to use recurrent convolution in U-Net _cite_ ; Ozan et al. proposed to use attention module in U-Net to determine where to look at; Simon et al. proposed Tiramisu _cite_, where the convolutional layers in a U-Net are replaced with dense blocks. However, all these variants still fall into the encoder-decoder structure, where the number of paths for information flow is limited. We propose LadderNet, a convolutional network for semantic segmentation with more paths for information flow. We demonstrate that LadderNet can be viewed as an ensemble of FCNs, and validate its superior performance on blood vessel segmentation task in retinal images.