Recent years have witnessed substantial advances of machine learning techniques that promise to address many complex large-scale problems that were previously thought intractable. However, in many applications, annotating enough representative training data to train a recognition system is costly, and in such cases, one can resort to AL to reduce the annotation burden _cite_ . Moreover, several applications allow to leverage some targeted interactions with human experts, as needed, to label informative data and drive the training process. AL has been used in various applications to reduce the cost of annotations, e.g., in medical image segmentation _cite_, text classification _cite_ and visual object detection _cite_ . Alternatively, the cost of annotations can be reduced through weakly supervised learning. It generalizes many kinds of learning paradigms including semi-supervised learning and MIL in partially observable environments or learning from uncertain labels. With MIL, training instances are grouped in sets (commonly referred to as bags), and a label is only provided for an entire set, but not for each individual instance. MIL has also been shown to efficiently reduce annotation costs in several applications such as object detection (where labels are obtained for whole images) _cite_, description sentences _cite_ and web search engine results _cite_ . This is particularly attractive for medical image analysis where a system can learn using labeled images that were not locally annotated by experts _cite_ . Other successful applications of MIL include text classification _cite_, sentiment analysis _cite_, and sound classification _cite_ . This paper focuses on methods that are suitable for MIAL problems. Although several AL methods exist for single instance learning _cite_, only a handful of methods have been proposed to address MIAL problems _cite_ . Single instance active learning (SIAL) methods are not suitable for MIL because: N) in MIL, instances are grouped in sets or bags, and N) training instances have weak labels. The arrangement of instances into bags gives rise to several different tasks, such as bag classification and instance classification which must be addressed differently _cite_ . Different learning scenarios exist for active MIL _cite_ . In this paper, we focus on the scenario where the learner has a set of labeled bags at its disposal, and must predict the label of each individual instance. The learner can query the oracle to label the bag's content. The final objective is to uncover the true labels of the instances, which corresponds to the transduction setting described in _cite_ . Given instances that are correctly labeled, any classifier can be used in a supervised fashion to classify instances not belonging to the training set in an inductive setting _cite_ . To our knowledge, this scenario has never been studied in the literature. The few existing MIAL methods focus on bag classification _cite_ or select groups of instances in a scenario where there is only one query round _cite_ . The MIAL scenario that we address is relevant in several real-world problems. For example, in some computer-assisted diagnosis applications, classifier is trained to identify localized regions of organs or tissues afflicted by a given pathology. A classifier is typically trained using afflicted regions identified by an expert or a committee of experts, which is costly in terms of time and resources. This limits the quantity of available data for training. However, it is easier to obtain images along with a subject diagnosis as a weak label (bag label) . In order to make better use of the experts, the MIAL learner identifies the subject whose local annotations would most improve the classifier. In this example, we believe that our learning scenario is more plausible than the second scenario where instances are queried individually. When experts are asked to provide local annotations of afflicted tissues or organs, it makes more sense to provide an entire image (bag) of the patient rather than provide isolated regions (instances) . In this kind of applications, it is important for the annotator to be aware of the context provided by the surroundings of the segment when assigning a label. A similar argument can be made for text classification where an instance can be a sentence or a paragraph. It is easier to provide an accurate label for individual parts with knowledge of the entire text. Beyond the well-known difficulties associated with AL, MIL instance classification raise several challenges. First, leveraging the weak supervision provided by bag labels is challenging because it is not explicitly known how each instance relates to its bag label. Also, the fact that training instances are arranged in sets adds an extra layer of complexity regarding relations between training instances. Moreover, in MIL, instance classification is often associated with severe class imbalance problems. Finally, AL and weakly supervised learning are often used to reduce the annotation cost of large amount of data which calls for algorithms with low computational complexity. For cost-effective design of an instance classifier through MIL, an AL algorithm should: Two new MIAL methods are proposed in this paper for bag-level aggregation of instance informativeness, allowing to select the most informative bags to query, and then learn. The first method--aggregated informativeness (AGIN)--assesses the informativeness of each instance to compute the informativeness of bags. Informativeness is based on classifier uncertainty, and instances near the decision boundaries are prioritized. The second method--cluster-based aggregative sampling (C-BAS)--characterizes clusters in the instance space by computing a criterion based on how much is known about the cluster composition and the level of conflict between bag and instance labels. The criterion enforces the exploration of the instance space and promotes queries in regions near the decision boundary. Moreover, the criterion discourages the learner from querying about instances for which the label can be inferred from bag labels. Extensive experiments have been conducted to assess the benefits of using both proposed methods in three application domains: text, image and sound classification. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The next section reviews the state-of-the-art in active MIL. Section _ref_ formalizes the active MIL problem and presents the two proposed methods. The experimental methodology is described in Section _ref_, and results are analyzed and discussed in _ref_ .