Photo collages are created by placing a number of photo images on a canvas area of limited size. They are used to visually represent in an appealing and compact way events of interest. The images can be fitted on the canvas by simply scaling them at the risk of losing important details contained in them and making the collage dull. In this paper we consider the problem of how to automatically create pleasing photo collages: given a set of photo images and a canvas area, we want to arrange the photos on the canvas in a pleasant unsupervised manner and without scaling them (see Figure~ _ref_) . Assuming that the size of the canvas area is smaller than the sum of the sizes of the photos to be displayed, two main issues arise. The first is that photos may occlude themselves, the second is that photos may be partially outside the canvas area. These issues must be addressed by taking into account the pleasantness of the resulting collage that is influenced by the order with which the photos are placed on the canvas and their spatial arrangement. Usually, the most important photos are placed at the top of the less important ones in order to minimize the risk of being severely occluded, and composition properties related to photo contents, geometric constraints and aesthetic consideration are taken into account to maximize the pleasantness of the resulting collage. The criteria that define what is important in a photo and what composition properties should be satisfied may vary from user to user. Moreover the single criteria may compete against each other. To be used in an automatic system for photo collage generation, the pleasantness criteria and their relative importance must be properly quantified using suitable algorithms. At the end of this process a fitness function can be defined whose value represents the overall degree of pleasantness of a photo collage. To obtain the most pleasant collage, an automatic algorithm must search the best arrangement of the photos by maximizing the value of the fitness function. For this purpose an optimization algorithm is usually exploited. Several formulations of some of the above criteria have been proposed in the literature but none of the existing works performed an user study in order to actually determine what are the criteria that made a photo important, what constraints must be satisfied in order to have a collage balanced, or what hints users pay attention to in judging the pleasantness of a photo collage. We argue that if we could elicit the criteria by modeling the preferences of the users, we would be able to create more pleasant photo collages. Previous works on photo collage can be categorized into two main groups depending on the processing applied to the photos. These two groups are: and . In the non content-preserving group belong the photo collage methods that select relevant regions within the photos in order to maximize the information that is conveyed in the final collage. The methods ensure that these regions are made visible in the final collage while the less relevant regions are either removed (cropping) or hidden by other, more relevant, ones (hiding) . In addition to scaling and translation, these methods usually perform a layering of the photos to decide the order with which they are positioned on the canvas and/or rotate the photos to further preserve their content as much as possible. Among the methods that also apply a rotation operation on the photos, we find Picture Collage _cite_ that is the one of the first works that formalized the problem of photo collage as an optimization problem using different, competing collage criteria, namely image saliency, blank space, and saliency raio balance. Inspired by this work is the collage strategy proposed in _cite_ which uses the same criteria but images are firstly classified into three categories and then different relevant region detection strategies are adopted on the basis of the image category. Also inspired by the work of _cite_ are the improved collage strategies proposed by _cite_ and _cite_ where the collages can be also interactively modified by the user. A recent photo collage approach _cite_ uses a heuristic search process to ensure that salient information of each photo is displayed in the polygonal area resulting from a power-diagram-based circle packing algorithm. Most of the previous approaches use a saliency map, solely or coupled with other descriptors, as informativeness criteria. In _cite_ instead, the informativeness criteria corresponds to foreground objects detected on depth maps. Finally, differently from all the aforementioned approaches, the method proposed in _cite_ creates Arcimboldo-like collages with multiple thematically-related cutouts from filtered Internet images. The stained glass-like photo collage by _cite_ is one of the methods that preserve the photo orientation without rotating them. The photos are cropped with respect to the contained face regions. These cropped regions have straight edges that are used to arrange the photos on the canvas. Digital Tapestry _cite_ subdivides the photo into a set of sub-blocks and from them, the relevant regions of the photo are reconstructed and merged together. A pixel-based variant of this approach, named AutoCollage, is described in _cite_ . Here the relevant regions, with variable shapes are merged with a seamless blending that ensures that no sharp boundaries between them are formed in the final collage. A similar approach is the Mobile Photo Collage presented in _cite_ . The Puzzle-Like collage _cite_ instead, cuts out from each photo an irregular shaped region which follows the area surrounding a relevant object within the image. Finally, we can cite the Dynamic Media Assemblage _cite_, a photo collage approach that can be used to summarize video content as well as a photo collection in a stained glass-like collage. In the content-preserving group belong those methods that arrange the photos according to the relevance of their content defined in some way. The only operations performed on them are scaling and translation. Usually the most relevant photos are scaled bigger than the less relevant ones, and they are positioned on the most salient regions of the canvas. Moreover the aspect ratio of the photos is preserved. These methods are also referred as photo layout methods. An example is the work of _cite_ where the photo layout is constructed using a larger topic photo and several small-size supportive photos. The photos are selected and sized according to their temporal and content coherence. A similar approach is exploited in _cite_ on video sequences where key-frames in a visual summary are arranged on the canvas using the narrative grammar of comics. Also within this group we can cite the work of _cite_ where exclusion zones are used to layout a set of photos on a canvas using different spatial criteria. This method was further improved in _cite_ . In _cite_ spatial criteria are coupled with aesthetic principles to layout photos in a pleasant composition. Recently, taking advantage of information usually found in social networking, and building on the previous PicWall work _cite_, FriendWall (_cite_) uses social attributes (intrinsic labels) to create photo collage employing both image visual features and associated Metadata. As a final example, we can cite the interactive approach _cite_ where pre-designed layout templates of annotated cells are used to arrange the photos according to their metadata, and focus area can be selected by the user. The focus of this work is to exploit subjective experiments to model user preferences in order to learn what criteria (and to what extent) need to be taken into account to automatically generate a pleasing photo collage. To this end we designed an experimental framework that incorporates the identification of the criteria via user preference modeling, the implementation of the corresponding computational algorithms, the learning of their relative importance, and the validation of the results. We applied our framework in the context of non content-preserving collages. We believe that this category permits to investigate more criteria underlying the definition of pleasantness as the associated problem has more degrees of freedom than the one associated to content-preserving collages. However, our proposed framework can be adapted to these methods as well. The different steps of our framework are depicted in Figure _ref_ . A first subjective experiment is conducted to investigate how different criteria are involved in the user subjective definition of pleasantness. For this experiment, we redefine the three basic criteria (image informativeness, canvas area coverage, and information ratio balance) exploited in most of the works in the state-of-the-art (e.g. _cite_) . We evaluate three different representations of image informativeness: the first one, which is usually used in the state-of-the-art, is based on saliency; the other two are based on quality and color harmony respectively, and are here introduced. Collages are created by exploiting a Direct Search optimization algorithm. Since user image collections are of very different contents, and different contents may lead to different pleasantness criteria, we considered five thematic image datasets. The results obtained from this experiment are used to identify new criteria both at global and local level. The new global criteria are: face ratio, axis alignment, centrality, and convexity; the new local criteria are: color similarity, orientation diversity and minimum orientation difference. After having developed algorithms to compute these new criteria, their relative importance is learned by exploiting user rankings on the previously created collages. The identified criteria and their learned importance are then used to generate new sets of collages that are evaluated by a new panel of users. To the best of our knowledge this is the first work which extensively exploits subjective experiments within the collage generation process to learn user preferences, and that uses datasets of images of different contents to validate the proposed approach. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The problem formulation is mathematically described in Section _ref_ along with the description of the basic criteria. Section _ref_ illustrates the collage generation by describing the three different importance maps considered in our experiments, the photo datasets used, and the optimization algorithm responsible for the collage creation. The first subjective experiment and its outcomes are described in Section _ref_ . The set of the new criteria derived from the first experiment is described in Section _ref_, while the user preferences modeling and learning strategy is detailed in Section _ref_ . Results of the second subjective experiment performed on the newly created collages are illustrated in Section _ref_ . Finally Section _ref_, concludes the paper.