One-third of the world's population is thought to be infected with TB _cite_ . New infections occur in about N \% of the population each year _cite_ . In N, there were more than N million cases _cite_ of active TB which resulted in N million deaths. This makes it the number one cause of death from an infectious disease and more than N \% of deaths occurred in developing countries. Pneumonia affects approximately N million people _cite_ globally (N \% of the population) and results in about N million deaths per year. For screening and diagnosis of Pneumonia and Tuberculosis chest X-rays _cite_ play a very critical role due to its availability and affordability. Expert radiologists are required to interpret results from X-rays and it's a challenging task. There aren’t an adequate number of experienced radiologists especially in the developing countries, many patients don’t get proper care. Fast and reliable automatic computer-aided screening and diagnosis system will reduce the burden on specialists and will give better performance for mass screening. An automated artificial intelligence aided screening (AIAS) system shown in Fig.~ _ref_ will help patients at remote areas where radiologists and connectivity aren’t readily accessible. Classification of Pneumonia and Tuberculosis is a challenging task due to many similar pathological features associated with other diagnoses. Even expert radiologists make wrong diagnoses due to complex nature of these features. This results in disagreements even among radiologists _cite_ for Pneumonia and TB classification. We make use of deep learning to develop an advanced X-ray screening system. Deep learning is an algorithmic technique that is revolutionizing what is possible in areas such as finance, healthcare, communication, automotive, natural language processing, computer vision and more. It allows computers to analyze vast amounts of data and automatically detect patterns and make accurate predictions. Deep Learning could help doctors screening and diagnosis Pneumonia and Tuberculosis more quickly and more accurately. In most of the computer-based screening environment setting sensitivity and specificity are used as AIAS system's efficiency measurement criteria. Using our AIAS system we report N \% sensitivity for Pneumonia and N \% sensitivity for Tuberculosis on publicly available datasets. X-ray classification learning: We present a radiologists performance level chest X-ray AIAS system for Tuberculosis and Pneumonia. Following are the advantages of the proposed AIAS system: