The quantitative analysis of knee cartilage is advantageous for the study of cartilage morphology and physiology. In particular, it is an important prerequisite for the clinical assessment and surgical planning of the cartilage diseases, such as knee osteoarthritis which is characterized as the cartilage deterioration and a prevalent cause of disability among elderly population. As the leading imaging modality used for articular cartilage quantification _cite_, magnetic resonance (MR) imaging provides direct and noninvasive visualization of the whole knee joint including the soft cartilage tissues (Fig. _ref_) . However, automatic segmentation of the cartilage tissues from MR images, which is required for accurate and reproducible quantitative cartilage measures, still remains an open problem because of the inhomogeneity, small size, low tissue contrast, and shape irregularity of the cartilage. An earlier endeavor on this problem is Folkesson et al. 's voxel classification approach _cite_, which runs an approximate _inline_eq_ NN classifier on voxel intensity and absolute position based features. However, due to the overlap of intensity distribution between cartilage and other tissues such as menisci and muscles, as well as the variability of the cartilage locations from scan to scan, the performance of this method is limited. More recently, Vincent et al. have developed a knee joint segmentation approach based on active appearance model (AAM), which captures the statistics of both object shape and image cues. Though promising results are reported in _cite_, the search for the initial model pose parameter can be very time consuming even if a coarse to fine searching strategy is used. Given the strong spatial relation between the cartilages and bones in the knee joint, most proposed cartilage segmentation methods are based on a framework that each bone is segmented first in the knee joint _cite_, which is usually easier than direct cartilage segmentation because the bones are much larger in size with more regular shapes. Fripp et al. segment the bones based on ND active shape model (ASM) incorporating the cartilage thickness statistics, and the outer cartilage boundary is then determined by examining the intensity profile along the normal to the bone surface, while being constrained by the cartilage thickness model _cite_ . In Yin's work _cite_, the volume of interest containing the bones and cartilages is first detected using a learning-based approach, then the bones and cartilages are jointly segmented by solving an optimal multi-surface detection problem via multi-column graph cuts _cite_ . Lee et al. employ a constrained branch-and-mincut method with shape priors to obtain the bone surface, and then segment the cartilage with MRF optimization based on local shape and appearance information _cite_ . In spite of the differences, these approaches all require classification of bone surface voxels into bone cartilage interface (BCI) and non-BCI, which is an important intermediate step to determine the search space or impose prior constraint for cartilage segmentation. Therefore, any classification error of BCI will probably propagate to the final cartilage segmentation result. In this paper, we present a fully automatic learning-based voxel classification method for cartilage segmentation. It also requires pre-segmentation of corresponding bones in the knee joint. However, the new approach does not rely on explicit classification of BCI. Instead, we construct distance features from each voxel to a large number of anatomical landmarks on the surface of the bones to capture the spatial relation between the cartilages and bones. By removing the intermediate step of BCI extraction, the whole framework is simplified and classification error propagation can be avoided. Besides the connection between the cartilages and bones, strong spatial relation also exists among different cartilages which is more often overlooked in earlier approaches. For example, the femoral cartilage is always above the tibial cartilage and two cartilages touch each other in the region where two bones slide over each other during joint movements. To utilize this constraint, we introduce the iterative discriminative classification that at each iteration, the multi-class probability maps obtained by previous classifiers are used to extract semantic context features. In particular, we compare the probabilities at positions with random shift and compute the difference. These features, which we name as the random shift probability difference (RSPD) features, are more computationally efficient and more flexible for different range of context compared to the calculation of probability statistics at fixed relative positions _cite_ .