Gliomas are the most common primary brain malignancies, with different degrees of aggressiveness, variable prognosis and various heterogeneous histological sub-regions, i.e. peritumoral edema, necrotic core, enhancing and non-enhancing tumor core. This intrinsic heterogeneity of gliomas is also portrayed in their imaging phenotype (appearance and shape), as their sub-regions are described by varying intensity profiles disseminated across multimodal MRI scans, reflecting varying tumor biological properties. Due to this highly heterogeneous appearance and shape, segmentation of brain tumors in multimodal MRI scans is one of the most challenging tasks in medical image analysis. The BraTS challenge~ _cite_ started on N and since then, it has always been focusing on the evaluation of state-of-the-art methods for the segmentation of brain tumors in multimodal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans. The current iteration, BraTS N utilizes multi-institutional pre-operative MRI scans and focuses on the segmentation of intrinsically heterogeneous (in appearance, shape, and histology) brain tumors, namely gliomas. Furthemore, to pinpoint the clinical relevance of this segmentation task, BraTS’N also focuses on the prediction of patient overall survival using radiomic features and automatic machine learning algorithms. On BraTS N, Kamnitsas et al.~ _cite_ obtained the best segmentation results with significant differences with respect to the other challengers. This approach introduced the use of an ensemble classifier composed of different deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) architectures. Moreover, in terms of survival prediction the best approach by Shboul et al. using a random forest approach after a previous feature extraction step where image features are extracted from a segmented image. In this paper we present a new approach based on these two approaches where we first presegment the tumor region using a ND unet~ _cite_ and then we refine this segmentation with a cascade approach using an ensemble of N different CNN architectures. Finally, using the VGG-N~ _cite_ network pretrained on the imagenet dataset, we extract features on N tumor slices and combine them with the clinical data to obtain a survival prediction. The rest of the paper is structured as follows: in section~ _ref_ we present our approach for each task, followed by the preliminary results on the training and validation dataset and a discussion in section~ _ref_ . Finally, our conclusions are presented in~ _ref_ .