Precise localizing the nucleus in histology images is a main step for successive medical image analysis such as cell segmentation, counting and morphological analysis _cite_ . Unfortunately, robust cell detection is a challenging task due to nucleus clutters, large variation in shape and texture, nuclear pleomorphism, touching cells and poor image quality _cite_ . Since manual detection of nucleus for further diagnostic assessment imposes a high workload on pathologists, computer assisted methods have attracted a lot of interest in recent years _cite_ . To this end, many automatic cell detection algorithms are proposed in literature. Parvin et al. _cite_ introduced the iterative voting methods which use oriented kernels to localize cell centers, where the voting direction and areas were updated in each iteration. \iffalse Several other radial voting-based methods are presented for automatic cell detection on histopathology images. \fi Qi et al _cite_ utilize a single path voting mechanism that is followed by clustering step. Similarly, Hafiane et al _cite_ detect the nuclei by clustering the segmented centers using an iterative voting algorithm. \iffalse To name a few, we can address object center localization approach _cite_ that utilizes single-path voting followed by mean-shift clustering and a paper by _cite_ that nucleus centers are detected from segmented nuclei clusters using iterative voting algorithm. Other localization methods based on gradient vector, \fi multiscale Laplacian-of-Gaussian (LOG) _cite_ and construction of concave vertex graph _cite_ can also be found in the literature. A popular approach to handle touching cells is based on the watershed algorithm \iffalse An approach to handle touching cells is marker-based watershed algorithm which has been used widely in \fi _cite_ . \iffalse _cite_ . \fi However, due to the large variations in microscopy modality, nucleus morphology, and the inhomogeneous background, it remains to be a challenging topic for these non-learning methods. Data-driven methods utilizing hand-crafted features have also been extensively applied for cell detection due to their promising performance. Interested readers are referred to _cite_ for more details about methods which rely on hand crafted features and classic supervised methods. Deep learning has shown an outstanding performance in computer vision analysis of both natural and biomedical images. Deep learning methods extract the appropriate features from an image without the need for laborious feature engineering and parameter tunning. Ciresan et al. _cite_ applied a deep neural network (DNN) as a pixel classifier to differentiate between mitotic and non-mitotic nuclei in breast cancer histopathology images. Xie et al. _cite_ proposed a structured regression convolution neural network (CNN) for nuclei detection wherein the gaussian distribution is fitted on the nucleus center to construct the probability map which is considered as an image mask, then a weighted mean squared loss is minimized via pixel-wise back-propagation. Xu et al. _cite_ proposed a stacked sparse autoencoder strategy to learn high level features from patches of breast histopathology images and then classify these patches as nuclear or non-nuclear. \iffalse Su et al. _cite_ present a cell detection and segmentation algorithm using the sparse reconstruction with trivial templates and a stacked denoising autoencoder (sDAE) trained with structured labels and discriminative losses. \fi Sirinukunwattana et al. _cite_ proposed a locality sensitive deep learning approach for nuclei detection in the H \&E stained colorectal adenocarcinoma histology images. In this approach, a spatially constrained CNN is first employed to generate a probability map for a given input image using local information.Then the centroids of nucleus are detected by identifying local maximum intensities. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method based on Mixture Density Networks (MDN) introduced by Bishop _cite_ for solving inverse problems, where we have multiple targets for an individual input. MDN learns the distribution of nucleus within an image hypothesizing that each nuclei has a Gaussian distribution with a maximum value on its center. Here we formalize the concept of MDN for cell detection problem. Due to MDN's flexibility to localize nucleus, we show that it has a better performance when compared with the other cell detection algorithms on a challenging colon cancer dataset. Our contributions in this paper are the followings:) We define the problem of nuclei detection as mapping a single input image patch into the probability density function (pdf) of the nuclei center, from which the observed locations have been sampled. The pdf is modeled as a Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) and its parameters are learned via a back-propagation. In addition, a Bernoulli distribution is trained whose parameter predicts if the local patch contains any nucleus and thus the fit of the GMM is liable. \iffalse We modified mixture density loss function in order to be well adjusted to the problem, to this end, instead of taking one target variable for each input variable, it can take multiple target variables by separating the summation term in loss function for each image, and also a binary posterior is applied on loss function to remove the images with no nucleus. \fi) We show the network can detect the nuclei even when trained with a sparse annotated samples, whereas using other methods result in a poor performance. \iffalse we show that the proposed method is able to process the input image with sparsely annotated data whereas the previous methods do not consider those regions or they result in poor performance with weak annotations. \fi) we demonstrate the capability of algorithm to learn the distribution of nuclei center from the training data without the need to define fixed variance size for all nucleus as some methods do _cite_ . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: A brief review of MDN and its generalization to our problem is presented in Sec. _ref_ . The experimental results and comparison to the state of-the-art are described and discussed in Sec. _ref_, and finally, some concluding remarks are drawn in Sec. _ref_ .