Fuzzy inference is a powerful modeling framework that can handle computing with knowledge uncertainty and measurements imprecision effectively _cite_ . It has been successfully applied to a wide range of problems, mainly in system modeling and control _cite_ . Most of the proposed fuzzy inference methods gained success because of their ability to leverage expert knowledge to identify the model parameters _cite_ . This practice simplifies system design and ensures that the knowledge base (if-then rules) used by the system is easy to interpret _cite_ . More recently, fuzzy inference has increasingly been applied to more advanced applications, such as content-based information retrieval _cite_, image segmentation _cite_, image annotation _cite_, pattern recognition _cite_, recommender systems _cite_, and multiple classifier fusion _cite_ . The aforementioned applications are more challenging as they require extensive knowledge base to accommodate for various scenarios. Since this diverse knowledge base cannot be fully captured by domain experts, data-driven techniques are typically used to identify and learn the inference system's parameters _cite_ . One such technique is the Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) _cite_ . ANFIS is a universal approximator that combines the learning and modeling power of neural networks and fuzzy logic into an adaptive inference system. It is a hybrid intelligent system and it provides a systematic approach to jointly learn the optimal input space partition (rules) and the optimal output parameters using supervised learning. Typically, in supervised learning, access to large labeled training datasets improves the performance of the devised algorithms by increasing their robustness and generalization capabilities. Nowadays, access to such large datasets is becoming more convenient. However, for a supervised leaning method to benefit from this data, it need to be carefully preprocessed, filtered, and labeled. Unfortunately, this process can be too tedious as the vast portion of the collected data is unstructured, labeled ambiguously and at a coarse level. An alternative and a relatively new framework of learning that tackles the inherent ambiguity better than supervised learning, is the Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) paradigm _cite_ . Unlike standard supervised learning, in MIL, an object is not represented by a simple data point, but rather by a collection of instances, called a bag. Each bag can contain a different number of instances. A bag is labeled negative if all of its instances are negative, and positive if at least one of its instances is positive . Positive bags can encode ambiguity since the instances themselves are not labeled. Given a training set of labeled bags, the goal of MIL is to learn a concept that predicts the labels of training data at the instance level and generalizes to predict the labels of testing bags and their instances _cite_ . We refer to this definition as the standard MIL assumption. Multiple MIL paradigms have been proposed _cite_, but for simplicity we focus our formulation on the standard MIL assumption. The MIL is a well known problem that has been studied for the last N years, it was first formalized by Dietterich et al. _cite_ providing a solution to drug activity prediction. Ever since, it has increasingly been applied to a wide variety of tasks including content-based information retrieval _cite_, drug discovery _cite_, pattern recognition _cite_, image classification _cite_, region-based image categorization _cite_, image annotation _cite_, object tracking _cite_ and time series prediction _cite_ . In general, MIL can be applied in two contexts of ambiguity: and _cite_ . In polymorphism ambiguity, an object can have multiple forms of expression in the input space and it is not known which form is responsible for the object label. Whereas, in part-whole ambiguity, an object can be broken into several parts represented by different feature vectors in the input space. However, only few parts are responsible for the object label _cite_ . Polymorphism Ambiguity arise more often in applications related to chemistry and bioscience. The original MIL application of drug discovery _cite_ is a case of polymorphism ambiguity. Part-whole Ambiguity is more common in pattern recognition problems. For example, in image annotation features are usually extracted locally (from patches) while the labels, or tags, are only available gloablly at the image level. Another closely related application is object detection. In this application, objects of interest may cover only a limited region of the image, the rest could be other objects or background. Traditional supervised learning requires identifying image patches containing the object of interest only and labeling them. As indicated by Viola et al. _cite_, placing bounding boxes around objects is an inherently ambiguous task. Thus, to avoid the tedious task of object segmentation and annotation, the problem of object detection can be addressed using an MIL paradigm. To illustrate the need for MIL further, in the following we analyze how a multiple instance (MI) representation can be applied to image classification. More details about MIL taxonomy have been reported by Amores _cite_ . Consider the simple example of classifying images that contain . Using an MIL approach, each training image is represented by a bag of instances where each instance corresponds to features extracted from a region of interest. These regions could be obtained by segmenting the image or simply by dividing it into patches. A multiple instance representation is well suited for this purpose because only few regions may contain the object of interest (sky), that is the positive class. Other patches will be from background or other classes. This representation is illustrated in Figure _ref_ . Traditional single instance learning are based on instance level (patch-level) labels and would require each image region to be correctly segmented and labeled prior to learning. A Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) is a paradigm in soft computing which provides a means of approximate reasoning _cite_ . A FIS is capable of handling computing with knowledge uncertainty and measurements imprecision effectively _cite_ . It performs a non-linear mapping from an input space to an output space by deriving conclusions from a set of fuzzy if-then rules and known facts _cite_ . Fuzzy rules are condition/action (if-then) rules composed of a set of linguistic variables (e.g. image patch) . Each variable is assigned a linguistic term (e.g. red, green, blue) . For instance, the following rules could be used to identify patches from the image in Figure _ref_: Typically, a FIS is composed of N components: (N) a Fuzzification unit that assigns a membership degree to each crisp input dimension in the input fuzzy sets; (N) a Knowledge Base characterized by fuzzy sets of linguistic terms; (N) a Rule Base containing a set of fuzzy if-then rules; (N) an Inference unit that performs fuzzy reasoning; and (N) a Deffuzification unit that generates crisp output values. FIS has proven to be very effective in various applications _cite_ . However, it is not applicable to cases where objects are represented by multiple instances. There are two major limitations that prevent using standard FIS methods with multiple instance data. First, due to the absence of labels at the instance level, we cannot use standard FIS learning methods to construct the knowledge base. Second, we need an effective mechanism to aggregate instances' confidences and infer at the bag level. The above limitations are due mainly to the inherent architecture of fuzzy inference systems. The standard inference systems reason with individual instances. First, the system's input is an individual instance. Second, the rules describe fuzzy regions within the instances space. Third, the output of the system corresponds to the fuzzy inference using a single instance. Fourth, labels of the individual instances are required when using learning techniques to identify the parameters of the system. In summary, traditional fuzzy inference systems cannot be used effectively within the MIL framework. To address the above limitations, we introduce two FIS designed to handle reasoning with bags of instances and capable of learning form ambiguously labeled data. The first one, called Multiple Instance-Sugeno (MI-Sugeno) extends the standard Sugeno system _cite_ . The second one, called Multiple Instance-ANFIS (MI-ANFIS) extends the standard ANFIS _cite_ system and uses MI-Sugeno rules. We report results on various experiments and discuss the advantages of using our proposed methods over closely related MIL algorithms such as Multiple Instance Neural Networks _cite_ (MI-NN) and Multiple Instance RBF Neural Networks _cite_ (RBF-MIP) .