Nowadays, the new advanced remote sensing techniques for earth observation generate increasingly available high-resolution image data obtained from satellites, airplanes and unmanned aerial vehicles. The improvement of image resolution, resulting in more and more ground details clearly seen, calls for urgent development of automatic and accurate interpretation of numerous data sources. In this context, the classification of high-resolution remote sensing images turns from pixel-and object-level classification to scene-level semantic classification~ _cite_ . Scene classification of remote sensing images aims to categorize the given scene images into a set of semantically meaningful classes predefined according to human interpretation. Here, the images refers to local patches extracted from large remote sensing images, containing specific semantic information, e.g., airport, park and residential area. Scene classification plays a significant role in a wide range of applications, e.g., urban planning and geographic mapping, and thus it has become a hot research topic in the remote sensing community. Since the scene images usually cover multiple land-cover types or ground objects which vary in different scales, shapes, orientations and spatial distributions, scene images from different categories may share very similar content while images from the same category often exhibit high diversity in appearance. Such inter-class similarity and intra-class diversity make the scene classification a challenging task. Therefore, building robust and discriminative feature representations for describing the semantic content of scenes is the core component in the scene classification. Over the past years, there has been growing interest in developing various methods for scene classification in remote sensing imagery~ _cite_ . From the pioneering work of introducing bag-of-visual-words (BoVW) model~ _cite_ to current state-of-the-art methods that employ the high-capacity deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) ~ _cite_, the performance of scene classification has gained dramatic breakthrough. However, despite the impressive results achieved by using modern CNNs, the accuracies on existing public datasets have almost reached saturation due to the limitations of these datasets. Recently, it seems that the studies on scene classification tend to blindly pursing accuracy improvement rather than providing enlightening ways to essentially address some problems still retained in scene classification task. Hence, in this paper, we would like to discuss some heuristic open directions for the sake of expanding the research scope of remote sensing image scene classification. We also wish these potential directions will arouse extensive attention from not only remote sensing community but also computer vision community.