The highly challenging problem of inexact graph matching entails the evaluation of how much two graphs share or, conversely, how much they differ~ _cite_ . Obtaining a measure of global similarity between two graphs can facilitate classification and clustering problems. This concept is particularly valuable in brain connectivity studies, which involve the representation of the structural and/or functional connections within the brain as labelled graphs. Resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) can be used to map the connections between spatially remote regions in order to obtain functional networks incorporating the strength of these connections in their edge labels. At the same time, disruptions to this functional network organisation have been associated with neurodevelopmental disorders, such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) ~ _cite_ . As a result, studying the brain's organisation has the potential to identify predictive biomarkers for neurodevelopmental disorders, a task of great importance for understanding the disorder's underlying mechanisms. Such tasks require an accurate metric of similarity/distance between brain networks to apply statistical and machine learning analyses. \noindent Related work: The estimation of (dis) similarity between two graphs has, most commonly, been dealt with using four mainstream approaches~ _cite_: graph kernels, graph embedding, motif counting and graph edit distance. Graph kernels have been employed to compare functional brain graphs~ _cite_, but often fail to capture global properties as they compare features of smaller subgraphs. Graph embedding involves obtaining a feature vector representation that summarizes the graph topology in terms of well-known network features. This method has been widely used to estimate brain graph similarity~ _cite_, since it facilitates the application of traditional classification or regression analyses. However, it often discards valuable information about the graph structure. Counting motifs, occurrences of significant subgraph patterns, has also been used~ _cite_, but is a computationally expensive process. Finally, methods based on graph edit distance neatly model both structural and semantic variation within the graphs and are particularly useful in cases of unknown node correspondences~ _cite_, but are limited by the fact that they require the definition of the edit costs in advance. Recently, different neural network models have been explored to learn a similarity function that compares images patches _cite_ . The network architectures investigated employ ND convolutions to yield hierarchies of features and deal with the different factors that affect the final appearance of an image. However, the application of convolutions on irregular graphs, such as brain connectivity graphs, is not straightforward. One of the main challenges is the definition of a local neighbourhood structure, which is required for convolution operations. Recent work has attempted to address this challenge by employing a graph labelling procedure for the construction of a receptive field~ _cite_, but requires node features to meet certain criteria dictated by the labelling function (categorical values) . Shuman et al. ~ _cite_ introduced the concept of signal processing on graphs, through the use of computational harmonic analysis to perform data processing tasks, like filtering. This allows convolutions to be dealt as multiplications in the graph spectral domain, rendering the extension of CNNs to irregular graphs feasible. Recent work by~ _cite_ relies on this property to define polynomial filters that are strictly localised and employ a recursive formulation in terms of Chebyshev polynomials that allows fast filtering operations. \noindent Contributions: In this work, we propose a novel method for learning a similarity metric between irregular graphs with known node correspondences. We use a siamese graph convolutional neural network applied to irregular graphs using the polynomial filters formulated in~ _cite_ . We employ a global loss function that, according to~ _cite_, is robust to outliers and provides better regularisation. Along with that the network learns latent representations of the graphs that are more discriminative for the application at hand. As a proof of concept, we demonstrate the model performance on the functional connectivity graphs of N subjects from the challenging Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange (ABIDE) database~ _cite_, which contains heterogeneous rs-fMRI data acquired at multiple international sites with different protocols. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first application of graph convolutional networks for distance metric learning.