Analysis of cytoarchitectonic cortical areas in high-resolution histological images of brain sections is essential for identifying the segregation of the human brain into cortical areas and nuclei _cite_ . Areas can be distinguished based on their specific architecture, the presence of cell clusters and specific cell types according to their morphology, the visibility of columns, and other features. Borders between cortical areas can be identified in a reproducible manner by a well-accepted method, which relies on image analysis and multivariate statistical tools to capture maximal changes in the distribution of cell bodies from the cortical surface to the white matter border _cite_ . However, a completely automatic method that allows area segmentation in a large series of human brain sections is still missing. Automatic identification of areas in cell-body stained whole brain sections is an extremely challenging segmentation task considering staining and sectioning artifacts, different relative orientations of the sectioning plane wrt. \the brain surface, and high inter-subject variability (Fig.~ _ref_ b, _ref_ c) . To reliably identify differences in the distribution of cell bodies in the cortex, automatic methods need to rely on high resolutions (N--) and a large field of view (approx. SI {N} {\milli \meter}) at the same time. Since expert annotation of brain regions is very labor-intensive, the amount of training data available for automatic algorithms is limited. Previously, we have shown that despite these limitations, it is possible to employ Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for segmentation of cytoarchitectonic areas _cite_ . However, the performance of this model is not yet accurate enough for fully automatic segmentation. In this work, we introduce a way to bypass the limitation of labeled training data by exploiting unlabeled high resolution cytoarchitectonic sections. We formulate a self-supervised auxiliary task based on the estimation of spatial distances between image patches sampled from the same brain, using a Siamese network architecture. In particular, we determine the approximate geodesic distance between two image patches by exploiting the inherent ND structure of a whole brain ND reconstruction (Fig.~ _ref_ a), as provided, e.g., by the _cite_ . We make the following contributions: N) ~By applying transfer learning, we significantly improve the accuracy of area classification in the visual cortex. N) ~Carefully examining the training objective, we show that the Siamese network gains significant performance when predicting absolute ND coordinates in addition to the pairwise distances. N) ~We show that the self-supervised model learns to identify anatomically plausible cytoarchitectonic borders, although it was never trained to develop a concept of brain areas.