Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) is an irreversible neurodegenerative disease leading to progressive cognitive and memory deficits. Early diagnosis of its preclinical stage, mild cognitive impairment (MCI), is of critical value as timely treatment could be the most effective during this stage. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) provides an opportunity to assess brain function non-invasively and has been successfully exploited to identify MCI~ _cite_ .To capture the time-varying information brain networks, dynamic functional connectivity (dFC) was proposed to characterize the time-resolved connectome, i.e., chronnectome, mostly using sliding-window correlation approach~ _cite_ . While promising, many current studies have not deeply exploited the rich spatiotemporal information of the chronnectome and utilized it in classification. For example, many studies focused on group comparison by detecting a set of discrete major brain status via clustering time-resolved FC matrices and further calculating their occurrence and dwelling time~ _cite_ . Inspired by the new finding that the brain dynamics are hierarchically organized in time (i.e., certain networks are more likely to occur preceding and/or following others~ _cite_), we propose to learn diagnostic features in an end-to-end deep learning framework to better classify MCI. Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) is a powerful neural sequence learning model for time series analysis. LSTMs are improved RNNs that can effectively solve the “gradient exploding/vanishing” problem by controlling information flow with several gates~ _cite_ . It has recently been demonstrated to be able to handle large-scale learning in speech recognition and language translation tasks~ _cite_ . However, there is still a significant gap between brain chronnectome modeling and common time series analysis. Directly applying LSTM to dFC-based MCI diagnosis is non-trivial: N) Brain is extraordinary complex whose dynamics could be substantially different from natural language interpretation. N) The background noise is usually more intense in the brain dFC signals, compared to audio/video signals, making it very difficult to capture. N) The brain may continuously use contextual information for guiding higher-level cognitive functions rather than produce an output at the end of the time series with a strict direction. Therefore, a general LSTM could not be suitable for brain chronnectome-based classification. To solve this problem, we propose a new deep learning framework that changes the traditional LSTM in two aspects. First, we create Full-LSTM that connects the outputs of all cells to a “fusion” layer to capture a common time-invariant status-switching pattern, based on which the MCI can be diagnosed. Second, to excavate the contextual information hidden in the dFC, we further use a bidirectional LSTM (BiLSTM) to access long-range context in both directions~ _cite_ . We hereby come out with an end-to-end chronnectome-based classification model, namely Full-BiLSTM . The performance of our proposed method has been compared with state-of-the-art methods on ADNI-N database. As the first “Deep Chronnectome Learning” study, we comprehensively compared the performance of three variants of LSTMs and reported the effect of different hyperparameters. The results support our hypothesis and significantly improved MCI diagnosis.