Shape and morphology of volcanic ash are affected by the process of eruption (e.g., Wohletz and Heiken, N; Gonnermann et al., N) . Thus, we can understand the eruption style and the transport of plume of volcanoes by analyzing the shape of tephra grains. For the shape analysis of volcanic ash, precise discrimination of tephra grains becomes important. Grouping of tephra grains by shape and morphology has been performed qualitatively using pictures of ash (e.g., Heiken, N) . However, the classification of tephra by hand depends on the people who recognize the grains. Thus, for the objective discussions on volcanic ash, quantitative analyses by shape parameters are conducted (Liu et al., N; Leibrandt and Le Pennec, N; Miwa et al., N; Fitch et al., N; Schmith et al., N) . Although quantitative analysis is useful for the precise classification of the tephra shape independent of the bias of human, one problem is that we have to take care what kind of parameters should be used (e.g., Liu et al., N) . So far, many parameters which define the tephra shape have been suggested (e.g., circularity or convexity) . In addition to these parameters, fractal analyses also have been conducted (Maria and Carey, N; Miwa et al., N) . Search for the appropriate parameter set is a complicated task to recognize the shape of ash grains. Recently, in the field of machine learning, neural network has been developed. Neural network is composed of some layers which have nodes. Each node accepts weighted signals from the nodes of the previous layer, and sends signals to the next layer. By using training data set, the weights and biases are updated to minimize the error, which is calculated as a loss function. For the recognition of images, convolutional neural network has made a great success (e.g., Krizhevsky et al., N) . At the convolutional layer, output signals are organized to conserve the pattern of initial images. Even a simple convolutional neural network with a few layers can recognize the images of handwritten digits called MNIST (LeCun, N) with approximately N \% of accuracy (e.g., Saitoh, N) . Although training data set is required for learning of convolutional neural network, we do not have to determine the shape parameters to discriminate the shape of images (machine can recognize the shape without shape parameter) . In addition, once the training is conducted, machine can recognize the shape of images independent of human bias. Regardless of these advantages, application of the convolutional neural network to tephra images has not been conducted. In this work, using the simple network suggested for the recognition of MNIST data set, we apply the convolutional neural network to the determination of tephra shape. We categorize training and test data sets of tephra images into four types of the shape (blocky, vesicular, elongated and rounded), and calculate the accuracy of test data set. As shown below, the simple neural network for MNIST can recognize the tephra shape with high accuracy, and thus it can be a powerful tool for the morphological analyses of volcanic ash.