Fetal ultrasound screening is an important diagnostic protocol to detect abnormal fetal development. Abnormal development is one of the leading causes for perinatal mortality world-wide. During screening examination, multiple anatomically standardised~ _cite_ scan planes are used to obtain biometric measurements as well as identifying abnormalities such as lesions. While ND ultrasound is the preferred approach for examination due to its low cost and real-time capabilities, ultrasound suffers from low signal-to-noise ratio and image artefacts. As such, diagnostic accuracy and reproducibility is limited and requires a high level of expert knowledge and training. Therefore, automated scan plane detection algorithms can help training experts, facilitate non-expert examination, support consistent data acquisition and make diagnostics more robust. Automated scan plane detection poses many challenges: Firstly, during the examination, the majority of time is spent exploring the present anatomy. As such, there are a large number of background labels and a significant class imbalance must be considered. Secondly, even if the object of interest is localised, it may not have reached the ideal scanning plane for diagnosis and hence the frame may be labelled as background; Therefore, in addition to understanding the global context, it is essential to understand the small differences in local structures to detect a correct plane. In the past, several approaches were proposed _cite_, however, they are computationally expensive and cannot be deployed for the real-time application. In recent years, deep learning and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become popular approaches for a variety of medical image classification problems, including classification of Alzheimer's disease _cite_, lung nodule in CT/X-ray _cite_, skin lesion _cite_, anatomy _cite_ and the views for echo-cardiograms _cite_ .An extensive list of applications can be found in _cite_ . In _cite_ the authors propose a CNN architecture called to solve the standard plane classification problem during fetal ultrasound examination. The proposed approach achieves very good performance in real-time plane detection, retrospective frame retrieval (retrieving the most relevant frame) and weakly supervised object localisation. However, despite its success, the method suffers from relatively low precision and especially struggles differentiating anatomically related cardiac views. We argue that the reason for this is that Sononet is good at aggregating global information but it cannot preserve local information well. Moreover, the heuristics employed for the object localisation requires guided backpropagation, which limits the object localisation speed that can be achieved. In fact, we claim that the inability to exploit local information is a common problem in medical image analysis: in many of these scenarios, typically, the object of interest is very small (e.g. lesions, local deformity, etc.) compared to the size of the input image, which can be high resolution ND, ND or ND data. Such situation requires to tackle the object detection and classification problem as a two-stage process. In this work, we introduce in the context of medical image classification. Attention is a modular mechanism that allows to efficiently exploit localised information, which also provides soft object localisation during forward pass. In this work, we demonstrate the usefulness of such attention mechanism by applying the proposed approach to improve the scan plane detection for fetal ultrasound screening. Attention mechanisms were first popularised in the context of natural language processing _cite_, such as machine translation _cite_ . In these settings often recurrent neural networks are employed to model a sequence of text. In particular, given a sequence of text and a current word, a task is to extract a next word in a sentence generation or translation. The idea of attention mechanisms is to generate a vector which assigns weights on the input sequence. Thus, the signal highlights the salient feature of the sequence conditioned on the current word while suppressing the irrelevant counter-parts, making the prediction more contextualised. Attention mechanisms can further be separated into two types: soft-attention and hard-attention. In soft-attention, continuous functions (e.g. soft-max) are used to assign the attention weight on the input, making it fully differentiable. In comparison, hard-attention models propose specific words by sampling from the weights. As the sampling operation is not differentiable, hard-attention is trained using the gradient of the likelihood term generated by Monte-Carlo sampling _cite_ . In computer vision, attention mechanisms are applied to a variety of problems, including image classification _cite_, segmentation _cite_, action recognition _cite_, image captioning _cite_, and visual question answering _cite_ . In the context of medical image analysis, attention models have been exploited for medical report generation _cite_ as well as joint image and text classification _cite_ . However, for standard medical image classification, despite the importance of local information, only a handful of works use attention mechanisms _cite_ . In these methods, either bounding box labels are available to guide the attention, or the local context is extracted by a hard-attention model (i.e. region proposal followed by hard-cropping) . In our work, we propose incorporating self-gating, a soft-attention approach that is end-to-end trainable. This also does not require any bounding box labels and backpropagation-based saliency map generation as in _cite_ .