Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers, especially leading type of cancer in women _cite_ . Breast cancer has multiple risk factors for development and proliferation including genetic change, epigenetic change, and environmental factors. Also, breast cancer is a complex, multifactorial disease where interplays between these risk factors decide the phenotype of cancer such as progression, development, or metastasis. Thus, it is a challenging problem to determine how a cancer cell is developed and progressed. Characterizing mechanisms of a complex disease as a whole is not possible. An effective approach is to define subtypes by dividing cancer into several categories according to various criteria such as phenotype, molecular portraits, and histopathology. Among the several molecular properties based breast cancer subtypes, PAMN _cite_ has become a standardized model with the clinical utility to make diagnosis decisions in practice or building a treatment plan for a patient. Also, St. Gallen international expert consensus panel introduced a system for recommending adjuvant systemic therapy based on breast cancer subtype since N _cite_ . However, despite the practical utility of breast cancer subtypes, they are still remained to be suboptimal since the complex mechanism underlying breast cancer cell is not fully investigated. The main technical issue in elucidating biological mechanisms of breast cancer is that innate relational and cooperative characteristic of genes should be considered. In any specific biological context, multiple dysregulated genes derive phenotypic differences by mechanisms such as forming complexes, regulating each other, or affecting signal transduction. To address the technical difficulties related to complex associations, studies that utilize biological network are needed. Early biological network studies have tried to discover distinct patterns based on edge information _cite_, and recent approaches rely on the common paradigm called network propagation, which assumes that the information is propagated to nearby nodes through the edges _cite_ . However, network biology requires in-depth knowledge to construct disease-specific networks, but our current knowledge is very limited even with the recent advances in human cancer biology. Deep learning has shown an ability to address the difficult situation like this. However, application of deep learning technologies to the classification of human disease subtypes is not straightforward since deep learning technologies conventionally use grid-like structured data and they are not mainly designed to handle graph data. Recently, graph based deep learning techniques have emerged, which becomes an opportunity to leverage analyses in network biology. In this paper, we try to advance network bioinformatics by incorporating a novel hybrid method of relation network (RN) and graph convolution neural network (graph CNN) . Given the prior knowledge of putative associating genes represented in a graph structure, our proposed method captures localized patterns of associating genes with graph CNN, and then learn the relation between these patterns by RN. The main contributions of this work are as follows: The article is organized as follows. In the next section, we review previous studies related to our work. Then, our model is described in Section N. In Section N, we demonstrate the experimental result with synthetic and real dataset.