According to the American Cancer Society, breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed solid cancer and the second leading cause of cancer death among U.S. women. Mammogram screening has been demonstrated to be an effective way for early detection and diagnosis, which can significantly decrease breast cancer mortality~ _cite_ . However, screenings are usually associated with high false positive rates, high variability among different clinicians, and over-diagnosis of insignificant lesions~ _cite_ . To address these issues, it is important to develop fully automated robust mammographic image analysis tools that can increase detection rate and meanwhile reduce false positives. Traditional mammogram classification requires extra annotations such as bounding box for detection or mask ground truth for segmentation. These methods rely on hand-crafted features from mass region followed by classifiers~ _cite_ . The main barrier to use hand-crafted features is the associated cost of time and effort. Besides, these features have potential poor transferability for use in other problem settings because they are not data driven. Other works have employed different deep networks to detect region of interest (ROI) and obtained mass boundaries in different stages _cite_ . However, these methods require training data to be annotated with bounding boxes and segmentation ground truths which require expert domain knowledge and costly effort to obtain. Due to the high cost of annotation, we intend to perform classification based on a raw, un-annotated whole mammogram. Each patch of a mammogram can be treated as an instance and a whole mammogram is treated as a bag of instances. The whole mammogram classification problem can then be thought of as a standard multi-instance learning problem. Thus, we propose three different schemes, i.e., max pooling, label assignment, and sparsity, to perform deep multi-instance learning for the whole mammogram classification task. The framework for our proposed end-to-end deep multi-instance networks for mammogram classification is shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . To fully explore the power of deep multi-instance network, we convert the traditional multi-instance learning assumption into a label assignment problem. Specifically, we also propose a more efficient, label assignment based deep multi-instance network. As a mass typically composes only N \% of a whole mammogram (see Fig.~ _ref_), we further propose sparse deep multi-instance network which is a compromise between max pooling-based and label assignment-based multi-instance networks. The proposed deep multi-instance networks are shown to provide robust performance for whole mammogram classification on the INbreast dataset~ _cite_ .