The attractiveness of a face retains influence on many social endeavors. Beautiful faces can have effects on person's personality, career prospect, and their personal relationships _cite_ . Integrating machine learning and computer vision techniques, automatic facial attractiveness computation has become an ever-growing topic. Although substantial progress has been achieved in the research of face attractiveness computation, challenges still remain. The first challenge is the lack of true attractiveness labels (scores) . In order to derive an approximation of the ground truth, a typical way is to survey a diverse group of human raters who assign scores to a set of faces. The average score of each face is then defined as the ground-truth label for the following classification or regression task _cite_ . However, the average score is not always a good indicator of universally accepted preference, especially for the controversial faces. On the contrary, the score distribution collected from different raters provides more aesthetics-degree information of a face than a single label. Fig. _ref_ gives an example of the average attractiveness score versus score distribution of one face. We can easily find that the score distribution includes the distribution of a number of labels, and represents the extent to which each beauty level describes the overall attractiveness of the face. In this sense, the score distribution can be viewed as a natural representation of a label distribution. Therefore, we recast facial attractiveness computation as a Label Distribution Learning (LDL) problem _cite_, a newly proposed machine learning paradigm. The LDL is able to deal with insufficient and incomplete training data, since each face is expected to contribute to the learning of a number of attractiveness levels. The second challenge is the lack of an accurate face representation that captures the salient elements of attractiveness. Many heuristics rules have been quantitatively studied over the years, inspiring researchers to hand-design diverse features in the most previous studies. The features can be geometric, color, texture based _cite_, as well as appearance descriptors _cite_ either at local or holistic scale. Recently, the up-to-date deep learning methods, especially convolutional neural network (CNN), have been applied to automatically learn a hierarchical and higher-level face representation for facial attractiveness computation task _cite_ . Even with the shallow and plain architecture, i.e., two-layer convolutional restricted Boltzmann machine in _cite_ and six-layer CNN in _cite_, superior performance has been achieved to the previous work with traditional hand-crafted features. Since face beauty is a complex concept with no universal-accepted representation, we are motivated to determine the most appropriate visual characteristics from the raw RGB image by very deep networks. In this work, we intend to explore the deeper facial aesthetics features by learning features from raw images directly through deeper architecture. A very deep convolutional residual network (ResNet) _cite_ is utilized which takes RGB pixels as inputs and automatically learn an effective face representation. We also incorporate the idea of LDL and ResNet in facial attractiveness computation, and show the advantages of our method on a newly-constructed benchmark dataset SCUT-FBP _cite_ .