The use of non-invasive functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) techniques for determining brain activity requires a set of data processing steps that transforms raw data into validated elements suitable for statistical analysis. Gaussian filter to average local voxel intensities is an important preprocessing step. Spatial smoothing serves several purposes _cite_: local averaging reduces uncorrelated random noise in the voxel, hence increasing the Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) leading to improved statistical power to detect true functional brain activation; also, spatial smoothing serves to eliminate unimportant anatomical details across subjects, that are preserved despite affine and non-linear transformations, which are common spatial normalisation steps in the pipeline; additionally, smoothing can ensure that assumptions typically made to enable multiple comparison correction using Random Field Theory (RFT) for locating brain activation are fulfilled. Notice that the resolution of each brain volume is decreased by applying the smoothing step, meaning that an appropriate trade-off between the original volume and the degree of smoothing to be applied is sought. This compromise is governed by a single parameter stating the width of the Gaussian filter. In spite of the importance of this parameter, there is no established method to automatically select its most appropriate value for every situation, being often set according to best practices or relying on each scientist's expertise. Previous attempts to build a system capable of adaptively smoothing brain volumes in fMRI include _cite_, which defines a Bayesian approach for the General Linear Model (GLM) able to determine the optimal amount of smoothing for each regressor; _cite_ and _cite_ which smooth the resulting statistical parametric maps in a GLM instead of the input volumes, while providing an appropriate activation threshold based on the spatial correlation; and _cite_, that uses non-stationary spatial Gaussian Markov random fields, allowing the spatial extent of smoothing to vary across both space and time. A recent work _cite_ proposes a change of paradigm by converting fMRI data processing pipelines into deep neural networks with the purpose of optimising the pipelines end-to-end, instead of current state of the art, which optimises them locally at each step of the pipeline. In the same study, authors propose a generalisation of the Spatial Transformer Networks (STN) _cite_ as building blocks for these fMRI data processing neural networks. In the current study, we use the aforementioned architecture to build a module able to adaptively select the most appropriate degree of smoothing for each volume in a data analysis task, allowing it to vary across time. This is a sharp contrast to previous work in the field, normally using preselected static smoothing or as a dynamic component within the GLM. In contrast to previous work _cite_, we here explicitly consider the main goals of spatial smoothing while designing and training the network. The provided solution can be used as a stand-alone module in regular fMRI pipelines or as part of fMRI data processing neural networks. The rest of the document is structured as follows: Section~ _ref_ defines the architecture of the system and provides accurate implementation details, then we evaluate its performance for real fMRI brain data in Section~ _ref_, where subjects were instructed to do simple finger tapping tasks. Finally, we provide some concluding remarks and future research directions.