Volumetric brain image segmentation aims to separate the brain tissues into non-overlapping regions such as white matter (WM), gray mater (GM), cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and background (BG) regions. The accurate volumetric image segmentation is a prerequisite for quantifying the structural volumes. However, the low contrast between tissues often cause tissue to be misclassified, which can hinder accurate segmentation. Hence, the accuracy of automatic brain segmentation is still an active area of research. Recently, deep convolutional neural networks _cite_ have achieved a great success in medical image segmentation _cite_ . For example, {} i {} ek et al. _cite_ proposed a ND U-net that contracting skip layers and learned up-sampling part to produce a full-resolution segmentation. Chen et al. _cite_ proposed a voxelwise residual network for brain segmentation by pass signal from one layer to the next via identity connection. However, the connection is a short path from early layers to later layer. To address it, Huang _cite_ introduces a DenseNet that provides a direct connections from any layer to all subsequent layers to ensure maximum information flow between layers. It shows a consistent improvement in accuracy with increasing depth network. Yu _cite_ extended DenseNet to volumetric cardiac segmentation. It uses two dense blocks and follows by pooling layers to reduce feature maps resolution, then restores the resolution by stacks of learned deconvolution layers. These stack deconvolution layers often generate a larger learned parameters that take a lot of memory for the training process. It also may not be able to capture multi-scale contextual information, results in a poor performance. In this paper, we propose a novel very deep network architecture based on densely convolution network for volumetric brain segmentation. First, we combine local predictions and global predictions by concatenating features map of fine and coarse dense blocks that allow capturing multi-scale contextual information. In the traditional DenseNet architecture _cite_, the pooling layer often uses to reduce feature resolution and to increase the abstract feature representations; however, it may lose the spatial information. To preserve the spatial information, we replace the pooling layer with a convolution layer of stride N. It only increases a small number of learned parameters, but significantly improves the performance. Second, we use a model of bottleneck with compression (BC) to reduce the number of feature maps in each dense block to reduce the number of learned parameters results in computational efficiency than existing methods _cite_ . Experimental results demonstrate significant advantages of the proposed method over existing methods, in terms of both segmentation accuracy and parameter efficiency in MICCAI grand challenge on N-month infant brain MRI segmentation . Our implementation and network architectures are publicly available at the website