Point-to-point correspondence matching between surfaces is a fundamental problem in computer-aided design and computer graphics. The problem is critical for a wide range of applications such as shape interpolation, statistical shape analysis and modeling, geometry transfer, and such. To this end, a well defined local shape descriptor and an accurate similarity metric can be greatly useful, as they provide a tool for quantifying the similarity between two points numerically. For the last decade, a family of spectral descriptors that utilizes the eigendecomposition of the Laplace-Beltrami operator has drawn lots of attention among the researchers in relevant fields. This is because the spectrum of the Laplace-Beltrami operator has many advantegeous properties, such as isometry invariance, multiscaleness, parametrization independence, resistance to geometric/topological noise, and so on . In fact, the spectral descriptors in general show superior performances compared to other types of descriptors, especially for the tasks such as shape retrieval, mesh segmentation and isometric matching . However, despite of all the desirable properties, they often struggle in many correspondence matching tasks, especially when the disparity between the surfaces is relatively large. This is because the spectral descriptors, by their definition, are highly sensitive to the metric distortion. Therefore, even though they work generally well in isometric cases where the metric distortion is small (e.g., surface scans of the same individual with different postures), but not quite well in non-isometric cases (e.g., matching between a skinny person and an obese person) . In order to mitigate such limitations of the spectral descriptors, we introduce a novel approach to embed the spectral descriptors to a new metric space using artificial neural networks, in such a way that the Euclidean distance between the descriptors in the new embedding directly provides a reliable similarity metric for correspondence matching tasks. We design a Siamese neural network architecture, in which two parallel sets of neural networks sharing the same coefficients are used to train the suitable embedding. The Siamese NN is designed to find the optimal embedding of spectral descriptors by rearranging them in accordance of their correspondence among each other. In our experiment of detecting correspondence between human bodies, we demonstrate that the newly embedded shape descriptors through our Siamese NN, which we call embedded descriptors, shows an enhanced performance in terms of the absolute number of correct matches and the distribution of the matches over entire shape.