In many signal processing applications such as estimation of brain activity from MEG time-series _cite_, estimation of time-varying networks _cite_, electroencephalogram (EEG) analysis _cite_, calcium imaging _cite_, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) _cite_, and video compression _cite_, the signals often exhibit abrupt changes which are blurred through convolution with unknown kernels due to the intrinsic measurements constraints. Traditionally, state-space models have been used for estimating the underlying signal given the blurred and noisy observations. Gaussian state-space models in particular are widely used to model smooth state transitions. Under normality assumptions, posterior mean filters and smoothers are optimal estimators, where the analytical solution is given respectively by the Kalman filter and the fixed interval smoother _cite_ . When applied to observations from abruptly changing states, Gaussian state-space models exhibit poor performance in recovering sharp transitions of the states due to their underlying smoothing property. Although filtering and smoothing recursions can be obtained in principle for non-Gaussian state-space models, exact calculations are no longer possible _cite_ . Apart from crude approximations like the extended Kalman filter, several methods have been proposed for state estimation including numerical methods for low-dimensional states _cite_, Monte Carlo filters _cite_, posterior mode estimation _cite_, and fully Bayesian smoothing using Markov chain Monte Carlo simulation _cite_ . In order to exploit sparsity, several dynamic compressed sensing (CS) techniques, such as the Kalman filtered CS algorithm, have been proposed which typically assume partial information about the sparse support or estimate it in a greedy and online fashion _cite_ . However, little is known about the theoretical performance guarantees of these algorithms. In this paper, we consider the problem of estimating state dynamics from noisy observations, where the state transitions are governed by autoregressive models with compressible innovations. Motivated by the theory of CS, we employ an objective function formed by the _inline_eq_-norm of the state innovations _cite_ . Unlike the traditional compressed sensing setting, the sparsity is associated with the dynamics and not the states themselves. In the absence of observation noise, the CS recovery guarantees are shown to extend to this problem _cite_ . However, in a realistic setting in presence of observation noise, it is unclear how the CS recovery guarantees generalize to this estimation problem. We will present stability guarantees for this estimator under a convergent state transition matrix, which confirm that the CS recovery guarantees can be extended to this problem. The corresponding optimization problem in its Lagrangian form is akin to the MAP estimator of the states in a linear state-space model where the innovations are Laplace distributed. This allows us to integrate methods from Expectation-Maximization (EM) theory and Gaussian state-space estimation to derive efficient algorithms for the estimation of states as well as the state transition matrix, which is usually unknown in practice. To this end, we construct two nested EM algorithms in order to jointly estimate the states and the transition matrix. The outer EM algorithm for state estimation is akin to the fixed interval smoother, and the inner EM algorithm uses the state estimates to update the state transition matrix _cite_ . The resulting EM algorithm is recursive in time, which makes the computational complexity of our method scale linearly with temporal dimension of the problem. This provides an advantage over existing methods based on convex optimization, which typically scale super-linearly with the temporal dimension. Finally, we provide simulation results which reveal that the sparse estimates of the compressible state-space models significantly outperform the traditional basis pursuit estimator. We further apply our estimator to two-photon imaging data for deconvolution of spikes from calcium traces, which confirms the superior performance of our estimator. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. In Section _ref_, we introduce our notation and describe the problem formulation. In Section _ref_, we present our main theoretical result and develop a fast estimator using two nested EM algorithms. We provide simulation studies and application to two-photon imaging data in Section _ref_, followed by concluding remarks in Section _ref_ .