Recently, deep learning has shown promising results to automate many tasks in radiology such as skin lesion classification _cite_ and diabetic eye disease detection _cite_ . The performance of these deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) are sometimes on par with clinicians but usually require a large amount of training images and labels. Training a DCNN that performs equally well across different patients is challenging because some pathologies and congenital diseases are rare. Without enough training data for rare pathologies, DCNNs might not perform well on these patients even though they often require the most clinical care. Late-gadolinium enhancement (LGE) imaging is an established method to detect myocardial scarring and measure infarct size. Not all LGE scans have visible scar tissue. Contrast accumulates in regions of the myocardium that contain a high proportion of fibrosis (scar tissue) which results in a high signal intensity (hyperenhancement) on the acquired images. Automated myocardium segmentation can be combined with Full-Width-at-Half-Maximum (FWHM) method or n-SD thresholding methods to provide quantitative analysis on LGE scans. _cite_ We apply a U-Net segmentation network _cite_ to predict segmentation mask of the left myocardium but it does not perform well on patients with scar tissue. The subtle differences between scar tissue and blood pool are extremely challenging for DCNNs and sometimes experts to delineate, especially when the scar tissue is subendocardial. Other challenges in identifying scar tissue include low signal-to-noise ratio, motion blurring and image artifacts. _cite_ We propose ScarGAN, an approach utilizing chained generative adversarial networks (GANs) to simulate scar tissue in the LV myocardium on LGE scans of healthy patients as data augmentation. Fig. _ref_ shows examples of simulated scar tissue grouped by their enhancement patterns. Overview of the ScarGAN architecture can be seen in Fig. _ref_ . ScarGAN has three main components: The main contributions of this work are: