Image restoration problems are to estimate high-quality images from low-resolution or degraded ones, which are mostly ill-posed problems. Hence conventional image restoration methods exploited various kinds of image priors such as gradient model _cite_, wavelet model _cite_, Markov random field (MRF) _cite_, sparse representation _cite_ and nonlocal self similarity (NSS) prior _cite_ . Although these algorithms have shown promising results, they suffer from some drawbacks. First, some of the models are heuristically designed and they involve parameters that needs to be tuned by a user. Therefore the performance may often depend on the characteristics of input image and parameters. Moreover, the methods find the optimal solution by solving complex optimization problems that are mostly computationally expensive and also difficult to be parallelized. In recent years, learning based methods that can overcome the above stated problems have been developed. For example, Schmidt et al. _cite_ proposed a cascade of shrinkage fields (CSF) . The algorithm unifies the random field-based model and quadratic optimization into a learning framework. Chen et al. _cite_ proposed a trainable nonlinear reaction diffusion (TNRD) model. This method learns the parameters for a diffusion model by the gradient descent procedure. In addition, with the rapid progress of graphic processing units (GPU) programming and parallel processing, deep learning based image restoration methods have also attracted great attentions. Burger et al. _cite_ proposed a multilayer perceptron (MLP) based denoising algorithm, which achives the competitive performance with prior model based methods. Dong et al. _cite_ presented a convolutional neural network (CNN) based image super-resolution method, which is shown to outperform the prior based methods. Kim et al. _cite_ proposed a skip-connection, which showed that learning the residual image is more effective. Zhang et al. _cite_ developed a deep CNN for image denoising, which utilizes the residual learning and batch normalization _cite_ . This network shows the state-of-the art performance for many restoration problems including Gaussian image denoising, single image super-resolution (SISR) and JPEG image deblocking. Although the deep learning based methods are proven to be effective in many tasks, they also have some limitations. First, the training can be struck to a local minima and therefore the initial condition for the training affects the performance. Zhao et al. _cite_ showed that local minima limits the network performance. Second, since the training aims to minimize only the pixel-based error, we do not know which prior or which structure is well dealt with the newtork. In this respect, it is shown that combining some image priors _cite_ or using multiple networks can improve the performance of restoration or classification problems _cite_ . In this letter, we propose a committee approach that works at the inference stage to enhance the performance of CNN based image restoration methods. The idea of ``network committees'' for a vision task was introduced in _cite_, and it was shown to achive the best performance for MNIST digit classification problem _cite_ . The main idea of this method is to average the outputs of differently trained networks (called network committees) to the same input, which could alleviate the local minima problem and increase the performance. Our proposed method differs from the conventional committee approaches in constructing the committee members. Specifically, we use only a single network named base network, and instead of preparing committees as the different networks, we define the committees as the outputs of the network with differently transformed inputs. Precisely, we note that the trained network sometimes finds different feature map for the transformed input such as flipped or linearly transformed images and thus produces different output (when inverse transformed) . Thus we prepare several transforms, and the transformed inputs are passed through the network and their outputs are used as committees. The outputs are averaged to be the final output. The proposed method is named self-committee network (SCN) in the sense that only a single network is used. Experimental results show that the proposed method can improve the performance of the CNN based image restoration methods without additional training or fine-tuning.