Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) are increasingly being used for survey and exploration of underwater environments. For example, the oil and gas industry requires constant monitoring and surveying of seabed equipment, and marine researchers require similar capabilities in order to monitor ocean flora and fauna. The perception capabilities of AUVs are not comparable to land and air vehicles. Most of the perception tasks, such as object detection and recognition, are done in offline steps instead of online processing inside the vehicle. This limits the applications fields where AUVs are useful, and strongly decreases the level of autonomy that this kind of vehicles can achieve. Most of these limits on perception capabilities come directly from the underwater environment. Water absorbs and scatters light, which limits the use of optical cameras, specially near coasts and shores due to water turbidity and suspended material. Typical perception sensors for AUV are different kinds of Sonar, which uses acoustic waves to sense and image the environment. Acoustic waves can travel great distances on water with small attenuation, depending on frequency, but interpreting an image produced by a sonar can be challenging. One type of sonar sensor is Forward-Looking Sonar (FLS), where the sensor's field of view looks forward, similar to an optical camera. Other kinds of sonar sensors have downward looking fields of view in order to survey the seabed. This kind of sensor is appropriate for object detection recognition in AUVs. Object detection in sonar imagery is as challenging as other kinds of images. Methods from the Computer Vision community have been applied to this kind of images, but these kind of methods only produce class-specific object detectors. Most research has been performed on detecting marine mines _cite_, but constructing a class-agnostic object detector is more useful and will greatly benefit AUV perception capabilities. Computer Vision literature contains many generic object detection algorithms, called detection proposals _cite_ _cite_, but these techniques were developed for color images produced by optical cameras, and color-based techniques fail to generate correct proposals in sonar images. Convolutional and Deep Neural Networks are the state of the art for many computer vision tasks, such as object recognition _cite_, and they have also been used to generate detection proposals with great success _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ . The purpose of our work is to build an algorithm for detection proposal generation in FLS images, but our technique can still be used for other kinds of sonar images. Instead of engineering features that are commonly used for object detection, we propose to use a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to learn objectness directly from labeled data. This approach is much simpler and we believe that has better generalization performance than other object detection approaches.