Recommender system is one of the most important tools for solving the information overload problem on the Internet. In various websites, a wide variety of stuff have been recommended to users by their recommendation engines, e.g. movies, songs, books, products, advertisements, etc. All these are objects that cannot be split further. There are scenarios where users are interested in objects that consist of multiple, interacted parts. For example, women are always obsessed about the outfits to wear tomorrow, which consist of several fashion items that should be compatible. When moving, people are puzzled by what furniture and decorations they should buy for each room of their new house. These trigger a new recommendation problem in which the stuff being recommended are object sets. In this work, we will study this set recommendation problem. Specifically, we focus on personalized outfit recommendation, which is representative and in much demand in practice. Fashion-focused online communities such as Polyvore, Chictopia, Lookbook have developed rapidly in recent years. People are fond of making and sharing outfits on these platforms (Figure~ _ref_ illustrates exemplar outfits created by three users on Polyvore) . They also extensively browse through these websites for great outfit ideas. With the huge number of outfits shared, it is of great value to build a system that automatically recommend outfits to users that fit their personal preferences. Due to the traditional difficulties in effectively representing the content of the items, existing recommender systems are heavily dependent on the collaborative filtering (CF) technique. CF uses the historical ratings given to items by users as the sole source of information for learning. Its performance is very sensitive to the sparsity level of the user-item matrix. In set recommendation, the ratings correspond to entries of a high-order user-item tensor. The sparsity problem is even worse than in item recommendation, which makes the CF method inapplicable directly. On the other hand, the recent progress of deep neural networks provides promising solution to the representation problem of image content~ _cite_ . We therefore explore the use of deep networks for outfit recommendation. Deep representation learning for the content information and collaborative filtering for the rating information are jointly performed in this work. There are two key problems need to be tackled in personalized outfit recommendation. The first is the modeling of the compatibility among multiple fashion items. And the second is capturing users' personal interests. Inspired by recent works on deep network based metric learning, we solve the former one by first mapping the item images to a latent semantic space with a convolutional neural network (CNN) . The compatibility of the features are then measured through a multi-layer fully-connected network. We study three alternative architectures that combine feature learning and compatibility modeling in different ways. For the second problem, we encode user-specific information in the parameters of the networks. Although each user may has his unique fashion taste, he still follows some general rules for making outfits. Besides, the usually small number of training samples for a single user makes it necessary to borrow training data from other users that share similar taste. With these observations, we adopt a two-stage strategy for training the network. The first stage learns a general compatibility model from outfits of all users. In the second stage, we fine-tune the general model with user-specific data. Fine-tuning is an important technique for training deep neural networks for applications with limited number of training samples. In this work, we explore the use of fine-tuning for personalized modeling, which is a new usage of this technique. We conduct experiments with a large scale data set collected from Polyvore. Detailed comparisons between different network structures and training strategies are provided.