Facies are used by geologists to group together body of rocks with similar characteristics in order to facilitate the study of a basin of interest. Their definition is rather subjective as it depends on the attributes we choose for the classification. One may for instance focus on biological differences by looking at the type of shells present in the samples or we may wish to emphasis petrological characteristics by accounting for the granulometry and the mineralogy. In the case of Oil _inline_eq_ Gas reservoirs, porosity and permeability are critical properties to determine since they give indications about the potential volume of fluids that might be stored in a rock and how they will flow during production. We can therefore expect that grains size, shape and density as well as the depositional and compaction history of the rocks will be a dominant factor for the categorization. While the main source of information for defining those facies comes from the observation of core samples under visible and x-ray light, we also have a variety of well log recordings at our disposal. By measuring the acoustic and electrical responses as well as the nuclear radiations of the drilled medium, we can infer properties about its rock matrix and fluid content and indirectly relate them to the porosity, permeability or fluid saturation of the rocks. Classifying high dimensional data into groups is one of the main branch of the popular field of machine learning. Among the vast panel of methods, current attention is mainly received by so called deep neural networks . Learning from experience, those algorithms are able to discover abstract representations and to understand the data in terms of a hierarchy of concepts. They have shown impressive results in a vast panel of supervised classification problems _cite_ . \plot* {ConNet-N-eps-converted-to.pdf} {width = N \textwidth} {Schematic architecture of a N dimensional ConvNet. A short depth-window is extracted from the logs around an example of facies. Filters in the convolution layers are N-dimensional, in measured-depth (meters or feet) and in channels (number of logs per well) but applied only along depth. The number of filters in the first layer will determine the number of input data to the second layer. Pooling operations reduce the length of the logs by dropping every other samples. On input to the fully connected layers, all filtered well logs are concatenated into a large N-dimensional series. The softmax layer outputs a vector whose elements form a discrete probability distribution of the facies.}