Crowd understanding has attracted much attention recently because of its wide range of applications like public safety, congestion avoidance, and flow analysis. The current research trend for crowd understanding has developed from counting the number of people to displaying distribution of crowd through density map. Generally, generating accurate crowd density maps and performing precise crowd counting for highly congested noisy scenes is challenging due to the complexity of crowd scenes caused by various factors including background noises, occlusions, and diversified crowd distributions. Researchers recently have leveraged deep neural networks (DNN) for accurate crowd density map generation and precise crowd counting. Although these DNNs-based methods~ _cite_ have made significant success in solving the above issues, they still have the problem of accuracy degradation when applied in highly congested noisy scenes. As shown in Figure~ _ref_, the state-of-the-art approach~ _cite_, which has achieved much lower Mean Absolute Error (MAE) than the previous state-of-the-art methods, is still severely affected by background noises, occlusions, and non-uniform crowd distributions. In this paper, we aim at an approach which is capable of dealing with highly congested noisy scenes for the crowd understanding problem. To achieve this, we designed an attention-injective deformable convolutional neural network called which is empowered by a visual attention mechanism and a multi-scale deformable convolution scheme. The visual attention mechanism is delicately designed for alleviating the effects from various noises in the input. The multi-scale deformable convolution scheme is specially introduced for the congested environments. The basic principle of visual attention mechanism is to use the pertinent information rather than all available information in the input image to compute the neural response. This principle of focusing on specific parts of the input has been successfully applied in various deep learning models for images classification~ _cite_, semantic segmentation~ _cite_, image deblurring~ _cite_, and visual pose estimation~ _cite_, which also suits our problem where the interest regions containing the crowd need to be recognized and highlighted out from noisy scenes. The multi-scale deformable convolution scheme takes as input the information of the dynamic sampling locations, other than evenly distributed locations, which has the capability of modeling complex geometric transformation and diverse crowd distribution. This scheme fits well the nature of the distortion caused by the perspective view of the camera and diverse crowd distributions in real world, therefore guaranteeing more accurate crowd density maps for the congested scenes. To incorporate the visual attention mechanism and deformable convolution scheme, we leverage an architecture consisting of two neural networks as shown in Figure~ _ref_ . Our training contains two stages. The first stage generates an attention map for a target image via a network called Attention Map Generator (AMG) . The second stage takes the output of AMG as input and generates the crowd density map via a network called Density Map Estimator (DME) . The attention map generator AMG mainly provides two types of priors for the DME network: N) candidate crowd regions and N) the congestion degree of crowd regions. The former prior enables the multi-scale deformable convolution scheme empowered DME network to pay more attention to those regions having people crowds, and thus improving the capacity of being resistant to various noises. The latter prior indicates each crowd region with congestion degree (i.e., how crowded each crowd region is), which provides fine-grained congestion context prior for the subsequent DME network and boosts the performance of the DME network on the scenes containing diverse crowd distribution. The main contributions of this paper are summarized as follows. First, a novel attention-injective deformable convolutional network framework is proposed for crowd understanding. Second, our AMG model that attends the crowd regions in images, is innovatively formulated as a binary classification network by introducing third party negative data (i.e., background images with no crowds) . Third, our DME model can estimate the crowds effectively by using the proposed structure of aggregating multi-scale deformable convolution representations. Furthermore, extensive experiments conducted on all popular datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our approach over existing leading ones. In particular, the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art crowd counting solution CSRNet~ _cite_ with N \%, N \%, N \%, N \% and N \% lower Mean Absolute Error (MAE) on ShanghaiTech Part \_A, Part \_B, UCF \_CC \_N, WorldExpo’N, UCSD datasets, respectively. Apart from crowd counting, is also general for other counting tasks. We have evaluated on a popular vehicle counting dataset named TRANCOS _cite_, and achieves N \% lower MAE than CSRNet.