Glaucoma is a chronic retinal disorder which is a leading cause of blindness in the world. It is asymptomatic in its early stages and leads to a gradual but irreversible loss of sight. Large scale screening programs can help prevent its progression through early detection and treatment. Glaucoma is primarily characterized by the structural changes in the Optic Disc (OD) which appears as a bright elliptical structure in the color fundus images (CFI) . It consists of a central depression called the Optic Cup (OC) which is surrounded by a concentric neuro-retinal rim. Glaucoma is characterized by the loss of retinal nerve fibers which results in the enlargement of the OC. The OC boundary is primarily characterized by the relative drop in depth from the OD boundary _cite_, _cite_ . However, CFIs only provide a ND view of the retinal surface and lack depth information. Hence, an accurate segmentation of OC in CFI remains an open problem. The existing automated methods for glaucoma detection either rely on the explicit segmentation of the OD and OC to derive structural features _cite_ and clinical parameters such as the Vertical Cup-to-disc ratio (CDR) _cite_ to detect glaucoma, or employ low-level appearance based image features _cite_ to directly classify the CFI into normal or glaucomatous categories. Alternatively, attempts at CDR estimation have also been made based on the reconstruction coefficients from a sparse representation _cite_ without the explicit segmentation of OD and OC. Few methods _cite_, _cite_ have also attempted to combine both appearance and structural features to improve the classification performance. Recently, the Deep Learning based methods have led to a significant improvement in the state of the art. In _cite_, a novel M-net architecture was explored to jointly segment the OD and OC in the log-polar domain and the CDR was extracted for glaucoma detection. The DENet architecture in _cite_ employed an ensemble of four independent streams of neural networks whose predictions were fused to obtain the final decision. In this work we explore a single Multi-task deep Convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture which jointly performs the three tasks of the segmentation of OD, OC and image level prediction of glaucoma. Sharing the CNN features for multiple but related tasks improves the generalizability of the network by constraining it to learn meaningful features. Moreover, the proposed method achieves a performance comparable to the state of the art with a relatively small network architecture that employs far fewer network parameters in comparison to the existing methods such as DENet. The sharing of the CNN features for multiple tasks and the smaller network size ensures that the proposed method can be trained in the limited availability of data without over-fitting. Our method also employs a combination of appearance as well as structural features obtained from the OD-OC segmentation within the CNN framework to improve the robustness of the glaucoma classification.