Our long-term aim is to develop an AI system that can learn about a person's intent and goals by continuously observing their behavior. In this work, we progress towards this aim by proposing an online Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL) technique to learn a decision-theoretic human activity model from video captured by a wearable camera. The use of a wearable camera is critical to our task, as human activities must be observed up close and across large environments. Imagine a person's daily activities---perhaps they are at home today, moving about, completing tasks. Perhaps they are a scientist that conducts a long series of experiments across various stations in a laboratory, or they work in an office building where they walk about their floor, get coffee, \etc. As people tend to be very mobile, a wearable camera is ideal for observing a person's behavior. Since our task is to continuously learn human behavior models (\ie., a policy) from observed behavior captured with a wearable camera, our task is best described as an online IRL problem. The problem is an inverse Reinforcment Learning problem because the underlying reward or cost function of the person is unknown. We must infer it along with the policy from the demonstrated behaviors. Our task is also an online learning problem, because our algorithm must continuously learn as a part of a life-long process. From this perspective, we must develop an online learning approach that learns effectively over time. We present an algorithm that incrementally learns spatial and semantic intentions (where you will go and what you will do) of a first-person camera wearer. By tracking the goals a person achieves, the algorithm builds a set of possible futures. At any time, the user's future is predicted among this set of goals. We term our algorithm ``Discovering Agent Rewards for K-futures Online" (\Darko), as it learns to associate rewards with semantic states and actions from demonstrations to predict among _inline_eq_ possible goals. \noindent Contributions: To the best of our knowledge, we present the first application of ideas from online learning theory and inverse reinforcement learning to the task of continuously learning human behavior models with a wearable camera. Our proposed algorithm is distinct from traditional IRL problems as we jointly discover states, transitions, goals, and the reward function of the underlying Markov Decision Process model. Our proposed human behavior model also goes beyond first-person trajectory forecasting and allows for the prediction of future human activities that can happen outside the immediate field of view and far into the future.