High-grade gliomas are the most frequent primary brain tumors in humans. Due to their rapid growth and infiltrative nature, the prognosis for patients with gliomas ranking at grade III or IV on the Word Health Organization (WHO) grading scheme _cite_ is poor, with a median survival time of only N months. Finding biomarkers based on magnetic resonance (MR) imaging data could lead to an improved disease progression monitoring and support clinicians in treatment decision-making _cite_ . Predicting the survival time from pre-treatment MR data is inherently difficult, due to the high impact of the extent of resection (e.g., _cite_) and response of the patient to chemo-and radiation therapy. The progress in the fields of automated brain tumor segmentation and radiomics have led to many different approaches to predict the survival time of high-grade glioma patients. Further, the introduction of the survival prediction task in the BraTS challenge N (_cite_, _cite_) makes a direct performance comparison of methods possible. The current state-of-the-art approaches can roughly be classified into Our experiments with ND-CNNs for survival time regression confirmed observations made by other groups in last year's competition (e.g., _cite_), that these models tend to converge and overfit extremely fast on the training set, but show poor generalization when tested on the held-out samples. The top-ranked methods of last year's competition were mainly based on RF. A reason for this may be the relatively few samples to learn from. Classical regression techniques typically have fewer learnable parameters compared to a CNN and perform better with sparse training data. We present experiments ranging from simple linear models to end-to-end ND-CNNs and combinations of classical radiomics with deep learning to benchmark new, more sophisticated approaches against established techniques. We believe that a thorough comparison and discussion will provide a good baseline for future investigations of survival prediction tasks.