Text in images provides rich and precise high-level semantic information, which is important for numerous potential applications such as scene understanding, image and video retrieval, and content-based recommendation systems. Therefore, considerable efforts have been made towards the automatic detection and recognition of text in images, which is still an important challenge for visual understanding _cite_ . As stated in _cite_, detection and recognition components in conventional scene text recognition systems are sequential and isolated in the whole system pipeline, this makes it difficult to exploit interactive information between the two components. Several works proposed uniformed frameworks for text detection and recognition. Li _cite_ presented a unified network that simultaneously localizes and recognizes text with a single forward pass, based on convolutional recurrent neural networks. Bartz _cite_ designed a single deep neural network to learn to detect and recognize text from natural images in a semi-supervised way. Bu {} ta _cite_ proposed an end-to-end trainable scene text localization and recognition framework called Deep TextSpotter. Different from these methods, our system can perform text detection and recognition via a single framework based entirely on Convolution Neural Network (CNN), and is proved to perform well in cursive English handwriting recognition and Chinese text recognition. In this work, we design an end-to-end trainable neural network to address this problem, condensing the detection network and recognition network into a single one, which can be trained in an end-to-end manner. By sharing the convolutional layers, we can compute the shared feature maps from entire input image only once, as a result, the text recognition system can be effectively accelerated. In order to make a further speedup for inference, we apply a succession of convolutional layers instead of recurrent layers for sequence learning task. Since our proposed recognition network is based entirely on convolutional neural networks, computations over all elements can be fully parallelized for inference optimization. Meanwhile, it is proved to perform on par with recurrent sequence learning method with respect to recognition accuracy. In our work, we choose two scenarios to verify our proposed methods for end-to-end text recognition task. We first make a large collection of business cards and get manual labelling to develop a business card recognition system. In addition, we conduct extensive experiments on end-to-end handwritten document recognition using public IAM dataset _cite_ as benchmark. In summary, the contributions of the paper are as follows: (N) A novel integrated framework is proposed for text detection and recognition, which can accomplish these two tasks in an end-to-end trainable neural network. (N) Given the detection and recognition networks, sharing their common convolutional features can get speedup in recognition computation. (N) The shared convolutional feature maps, which exploit interaction between two different tasks, can be effective in text detection and recognition and improve performance of end-to-end model. (N) We propose a simpler and faster recognition network based on a succession of convolutional layers without any recurrent layer which is often used for sequence learning. In this way, by combining with Region-based Fully Convolutional Networks (R-FCN) _cite_, which is a region-based object detection method, our system can perform text detection and recognition via a fully convolutional network.