Sight-threatening retinal diseases are one of the major prevailed diseases among the population of varied age groups. Prevalence of retinal diseases among age groups and demographics are the main factor of vision loss. Starting with diabetic retinopathy (DR), glaucoma, age-related macular degeneration (AMD) etc are the most common retinal diseases observed in society. Almost all of the retinal diseases can be identified using Optical coherence tomography (OCT) _cite_ scans. OCT is a non‐invasive optical imaging technique that is the optical analog of ultrasound imaging. This device provides high‐resolution cross‐sectional images of the retina, optic nerve head and retinal nerve fiber layer thickness (RNFL) that can be qualitatively and quantitatively evaluated. It was originally developed to provide objective and quantitative estimates of the thickness of the RNFL. OCT RNFL measurements are reproducible and have been shown in cross-sectional studies to be able to discriminate glaucomatous from healthy eyes _cite_ . With OCT, an ophthalmologist can see each of the distinctive layers of Retina.  This allows the ophthalmologist to map and measure their thickness. These measurements help with diagnosis and treatment guidance for glaucoma and other diseases of the retina. These retinal diseases include CNV, DME, and Drusen. Choroidal neovascularization (CNV) _cite_ involves the growth of new blood vessels that originate from the choroid through a break in the Bruch membrane into the sub-retinal pigment epithelium (sub-RPE) or sub-retinal space. CNV is a major cause of visual loss. Diabetic Macular Edema (DME) _cite_  occurs when fluid and protein deposits collect on or under the macula of the eye  (a yellow central area of the retina) and cause it to thicken and swell (edema) . The swelling may distort a person's central vision because the macula holds tightly packed cones that provide sharp, clear, central vision to enable a person to see detail, form, and color that is directly in the center of the field of view. Drusen are yellow deposits under the retina. Drusen are made up of lipids, a fatty protein. Drusen likely do not cause AMD.  But having drusen increases a person’s risk _cite_ of developing AMD. There are different kinds of drusen. “Hard” drusen are small, distinct and far away from one another. This type of drusen may not cause vision problems for a long time, if at all. “Soft” drusen are large and cluster closer together. Their edges are not as clearly defined as hard drusen. This soft type of drusen increases the risk of AMD. OCT also represents a promising new technology for imaging vascular microstructure _cite_ with a level of resolution not previously achieved with the use of other imaging modalities. Considering the usefulness of OCT in detecting almost all retinal diseases we propose to use AI in the OCT analysis domain. We have developed an AI model that can be used to detect the presence of CNV, DME and Drusen can help doctors in diagnosing giving correct treatment, which can be used as a screening tool in clinics making adequate healthcare available to all the population and reducing the burden on doctors. The proposed model builds upon recent advancement of deep learning and computer vision. Our novel deep model can outperform human ophthalmologist in the field of oct analysis. OCT classification learning: We present an ophthalmologist performance level OCT AIAS system for eye diseases diagnosis. Following are the advantages of the proposed AIAS system? Deep learning is successfully applied in many applications of the medical image analysis domain. Tasks related to features segmentation _cite_ and feature classification _cite_ can be performed using both traditional computer vision and deep learning. Deep learning recently captured momentum to outperform traditional features based methods used in the medical image domain. Starting from retinal analysis to cancer analysis, deep learning proved its usefulness as screening and diagnostic tools for doctors. In the eye _cite_ and X-ray _cite_ screening scenarios deep learning outperforms human practitioners. Deep learning is also widely used in OCT image analysis task. A deep learning based OCT image segmentation method _cite_ proposed pathological lesions segmentation using a fully convolutional method. Intraretinal cystoid fluid and subretinal fluid detection deep learning method _cite_ using OCT was successfully tested with high accuracy. In case patient referral recommendation for sight-threatening retinal diseases using OCT images _cite_, this deep learning method outperforms expert ophthalmologist.