Low-dose CT (LDCT) has been proven effective in lung cancer screening, where the National lung Screening Trial (NLST) observed N \% decrease in lung cancer related mortality in at-risk subjects (N to N years, N pack-year cigarette-smoking history) _cite_ . Chiles et~al. _cite_ show that coronary artery calcification (CAC) scored using three different methods is strongly associated with mortality in NLST. In a different study – the Dutch-Belgian Randomized Lung Cancer Screening Trial (NELSON), it was found that CAC can predict all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events on lung cancer screening LDCT _cite_ . Our previous work _cite_ also demonstrates significant difference in CAC scores between the survivor and non-survivor groups, which indicates that CAC can be used for predicting mortality risk of lung cancer patients. However, the existing risk quantification methods rely on directly counting the number of pixels that are above a certain threshold _cite_ . Although the calcium size carries valuable information, it can also miss some key mortality indicators as presented in _cite_ . In the past several years, machine learning – especially its subdomain of deep learning – has seen a series of breakthroughs _cite_ . With deep learning being a paradigm shifter, a large number of innovations have also been made in medicine, ranging from medical image processing to health record analysis. Deep learning has also been applied for automatic calcium scoring in chest LDCT _cite_, which reports that deep neural networks can be used for measuring the size of CAC from LDCT and different filters used during reconstruction may influence the quantification results. However, to train such a network, it requires manually labeling the area of calcification from images. Due to the significant efforts involved in labeling, only a small number of images can be marked and then used for algorithm training, which may well limit the performance. More importantly, those methods cannot extract other imaging markers for predicting mortality risk. Very recently, van~Velzen et al. _cite_ proposed to use deep learning for cardiovascular mortality from LDCT images. In this paper, we propose a method using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with hybrid input for directly predicting all-cause mortality risk of lung cancer patients from their LDCT images. The seminal architecture of deep residual neural network (ResNet) _cite_ is adopted for extracting image features, due to its effectiveness in training very deep networks for extracting high-level representative imaging markers. With that, we aim to extract not only calcification information but also other auxiliary features for better prediction. In the same time, since various pre-defined imaging markers have been well recognized as indication of mortality risk, it will be a significant waste if we just throw those features away. Therefore, the proposed HyRiskNet also takes CAC scores as an additional input to complement the ResNet for more accurate prediction. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can obtain much more accurate results on mortality risk quantification than the traditional methods. The presented work has three main contributions. First, instead of simply measuring the extent of CAC as a surrogate index, deep neural networks are used for direct lung cancer patient all-cause mortality risk prediction. Second, various deep CNNs are compared and validated for the challenging task to understand their performance. Last, our results demonstrate that the deep learning methods, when complemented with pre-defined imaging marker, can achieve even better results than being used alone. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ provides the details of the used materials in our work. The proposed methods are presented in Section~ _ref_ . The experimental results and discussions are given in Section~ _ref_ . Finally, Section~ _ref_ draws conclusions about the presented work.