Image restoration tasks, such as deblurring and denoising, are ill-posed problems, whose solution requires effective image priors. In the last decades, several natural image priors have been proposed, including total variation~ _cite_, gradient sparsity priors~ _cite_, models based on image patches~ _cite_, and Gaussian mixtures of local filters~ _cite_, just to name a few of the most successful ideas. See Figure~ _ref_ for a visual comparison of some popular priors. More recently, deep learning techniques have been used to construct generic image priors. Here, we propose an image prior that is directly based on an estimate of the natural image probability distribution. Although this seems like the most intuitive and straightforward idea to formulate a prior, only few previous techniques have taken this route~ _cite_ . Instead, most priors are built on intuition or statistics of natural images (e.g., sparse gradients) . Most previous deep learning priors are derived in the context of specific algorithms to solve the restoration problem, but it is not clear how these priors relate to the probability distribution of natural images. In contrast, our prior directly represents the natural image distribution smoothed with a Gaussian kernel, an approximation similar to using a Gaussian kernel density estimate. Note that we cannot hope to use the true image probability distribution itself as our prior, since we only have a finite set of samples from this distribution. We show a visual comparison in Figure~ _ref_, where our prior is able to capture the structure of the underlying image, but others tend to simplify the texture to straight lines and sharp edges. We formulate image restoration as a Bayes estimator, and define a utility function that includes the smoothed natural image distribution. We approximate the estimator with a bound, and show that the gradient of the bound includes the gradient of the logarithm of our prior, that is, the Gaussian smoothed density. In addition, the gradient of the logarithm of the smoothed density is proportional to the mean-shift vector~ _cite_, and it has recently been shown that denoising autoencoders (DAEs) learn such a mean-shift vector field for a given set of data samples~ _cite_ . Hence we call our prior a, and our framework is an example of Bayesian inference using deep learning. We demonstrate image restoration using our prior for noise-blind deblurring, super-resolution, and image demosaicing, where we solve Bayes estimation using a gradient descent approach. We achieve performance that is competitive with the state of the art for these applications. In summary, the main contributions of this paper are: