In the United States, breast cancer continues to be the leading cause of cancer death among women of all races _cite_ . Studies have shown that improvement to survival rate over the last decade can be attributed to early diagnosis and awareness of better treatment options _cite_, _cite_, _cite_ . Common non-invasive screening test includes clinical breast exam which involves a visual check of the skin and tissue and a manual check for unusual texture or lump, mammography which requires taking an x-ray image of the breast to look for changes, and breast MRI which uses radio waves to obtain a detailed image inside the breast. Of the latter two diagnostic modals, many computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems have been developed to assist radiologists in their effort to identify breast cancer in its early stages _cite_ . On the other side of the screening toolbox are biopsies which are minimally invasive procedures whereby tissue samples are physically removed to be stained with hematoxylin and eosin (H \&E) and visualized under a microscope. These histopathology slides allow pathologists to distinguish between normal, non-malignant, and malignant lesions _cite_ to assist in their diagnosis. However, even among trained pathologists the concordance between their unanimous agreement is a mere N \% _cite_ . This high degree of discord motivates the development of automatic CAD systems using machine learning to assist these professionals in their diagnosis. From November N to January N, the International Conference on Image Analysis and Recognition (ICIAR) held the N Grand Challenge on BreAst Cancer Histology images (BACH) to solicit submissions of automatic image analysis systems for the task of four-class classification of breast cancer histology images. Here we present a deep learning framework for the task of multi-class breast cancer histology image classification. Our approach uses the Inception (GoogLeNet) VN _cite_ architecture to discriminate between invasive carcinoma, in situ carcinoma, benign lesion, and normal tissue patches. We then fuse these patch level predictions to obtain image level prediction using an ensemble framework. Our system improves the sensitivity over the benign and normal classes by using a Dual Path Network (DPN) _cite_ to extract features as input into a second level ensemble framework involving GBM, SVM, and logistic regression. Experimental results on a held out set demonstrate our framework shows a N _inline_eq_ improvement over the state-of-the-art model.