Purpose: To describe and evaluate a segmentation method using joint adversarial and segmentation convolutional neural network (CNN) to achieve accurate segmentation using unannotated magnetic resonance (MR) image datasets. Methods: A segmentation pipeline was built using joint adversarial and segmentation network. A CNN technique called cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (CycleGAN) was applied as the core of the method to perform unpaired image-to-image translation between different MR image datasets. A joint segmentation network was incorporated into the adversarial network to obtain additional functionality for semantic segmentation. The fully-automated segmentation method termed as SUSAN was tested for segmenting bone and cartilage on two clinical knee MR image datasets using images and annotated segmentation masks from an online publicly available knee MR image dataset. The segmentation results were compared using quantitative segmentation metrics with the results from a supervised U-Net segmentation method and two registration methods. The Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to evaluate the value difference of quantitative metrics between different methods. Results: The proposed method SUSAN provided high segmentation accuracy with results comparable to the supervised U-Net segmentation method (most quantitative metrics having p N) and significantly better than a multi-atlas registration method (all quantitative metrics having p N) and a direct registration method (all quantitative metrics having p N) for the clinical knee image datasets. SUSAN also demonstrated the applicability for segmenting knee MR images with different tissue contrasts. Conclusion: SUSAN performed rapid and accurate tissue segmentation for multiple MR image datasets without the need for sequence specific segmentation annotation. The joint adversarial and segmentation network and training strategy have promising potential applications in medical image segmentation. Keywords: Deep Learning, Adversarial Network, Segmentation, MRI, Image Annotation