In recent years, we have witnessed the growth and development of new and innovative methods for automatic authentication _cite_ . With the growth of data and the increasing awareness about the sensitivity of personal information, people have started to treat their privacy more seriously. The development of more robust and user-friendly authentication and access control devices is on high priority by utilizing the visual information such as fingerprint, facial, iris, and many more as compared to the password and token based devices _cite_ . The major challenge in any automatic access control method is the protection against malicious attacks by intruders _cite_ . Specifically, in face based authentication, the major challenges are to deal with the following three attacks, (i) printed photos, (ii) replay videos, and (iii) ND videos. Face anti-spoofing is the field of study that tackles the above mentioned challenges in a robust and efficient manner. The face anti-spoofing is one of the fundamental problem of biometric and computer vision. In initial years, the hand-designed feature based approaches were more common and utilized the characteristics like texture-based features, motion-based features and depth-based features _cite_ . The texture-based analysis exploited the fact that real face contains different texture and illumination pattern as compared to a plastic or LCD surface used to accomplish the attack. Maatta et al. _cite_ used a multi-scale local binary pattern (LBP) followed by a non-linear SVM to deal with such attacks. Chingovska et al. _cite_ also used the similar approach for the same problem. They extracted the LBP descriptors from a greyscale image and applied N classifiers on top of the LBP features to perform the classification. These methods are not efficient and require a lot of data pre-processing to be done. The motion based face anti-spoofing is also investigated by several researches by exploiting the fact that the most of face attacks happen with the use of stills and thus, lack the basic motion that can be used to differentiate a live subject from an image. Anjos et al. _cite_ utilized the motion relation between foreground and background to differentiate between a live face and an attacked face. Pereira et al. _cite_ used the LBP-TOP features containing space and time descriptors to encode the motion information along with the face texture. Kollreinder et al. _cite_ extracted the facial parts (e.g., left and right eyes, nose, left and right ears) by simplified optical flow and then modeled the liveliness of these parts through a short sequence of images. The noise in the face image is also treated as the important characteristics for face anti-spoofing with the fact that the noise level in attacked face is more due to the reconstruction process of any spoofing method. Zhang et al. _cite_ utilized the multiple Difference of Gaussian (DoG) filters to remove the noise and low-frequency information. They used the high frequency information to generate the feature vector for SVM classifier to distinguish between genuine and fake faces. Wen et al. _cite_ considered the N types of surface deformations such as specular reflection, blurriness features, chromatic moment and color diversity to generate the feature vector and used SVM classifier to classify the feature vector into real vs spoofed. The above discussed methods had several drawbacks like the need to utilize hand designed features and the limited performance of these methods. Recent trends in computer vision have shown a gradual shift towards Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) due to its characteristics like automatic learning and higher accuracy _cite_ . The CNN based approaches have been proven to be a very effective approach for different problems of visual information processing like object detection, semantic segmentation, image classification, biomedical analysis, image captioning, image coloring, biometric authentication, and many more _cite_ . In many scenarios, the performance of these methods even surpasses the human/expert level performance. ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge _cite_ has fostered the development of new and better CNN architectures over the years. The winning architectures like AlexNet _cite_ in N, VGGNet _cite_ and GoogleNet _cite_ in N, and ResNet _cite_ in N brought a number of improvements and innovations to the field of object recognition. The task of object detection has also witnessed a series of improvements over the last few years through the evolution of CNN architectures like Fast R-CNN _cite_ and Faster R-CNN _cite_ . These approaches have made the object detection task not only faster than traditional methods but also improved the performance very drastically. The CNN architectures like Fully Convolutional Networks _cite_ and Mask R-CNN _cite_ have made the image segmentation much easier, intuitive and semantic. These approaches have gained very high improvement over its ancestral and hand-designed methodologies. The biomedical image processing area has also observed the immense improvement by using the CNN based methods in the problems like Colon Cancer Recognition _cite_, _cite_ and Radiologist-Level Pneumonia Detection _cite_, etc. The CNNs are also used for depth estimation from images _cite_ . Some researchers have also explored CNNs for the biometric authentication and verification over the years as an alternative to traditional methods _cite_ . Different CNN architectures are proposed for different biometric traits such as fingerprint, face, iris, etc. _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_ . Facial authentication systems cover a number of problems as discussed earlier and various attempts have been made recently to solve these problems. Recently, CNN is also being applied for face anti-spoofing and liveliness detection. Gragnaniello et al. _cite_ utilized the domain-specific knowledge to deal with robustness problem in CNN architecture for biometric spoofing detection. Li et al. _cite_ fine tuned the CNN over face spoofing datasets and then extracted the features and applied the principle component analysis (PCA) to reduce the dimensionality and finally the SVM is employed to do the classification into real vs spoofed face. Atoum et al. _cite_ utilized an ensemble of patch-based and depth-based CNN to perform the classification as well as liveliness detection in facial unlocking systems. All these methodologies proved that the CNNs can be used very effectively for the biometric anti-spoofing by automatically extracting the biometric features from training data. Followings are the contributions of this paper: The rest of the paper is divided into various sections. Section N discusses about the state-of-the-art CNN architectures compared in this study. Section N describes the experimental setup including the framework of face anti-spoofing using CNN, hyperparameter settings, the database characteristics and data preprocessing performed. Section N presents the experimental results with detailed analysis from different perspective. Sections N concludes the paper with constructive suggestions for future initiatives.