Computational retinal disease methods _cite_ has been investigated extensively through different signal processing techniques. Retinal diseases are accessible to machine learning techniques due to their visual nature in contrast to other common human diseases requiring invasive techniques for diagnosis or treatments. Typically, the diagnosis accuracy of retinal diseases based on the clinical retinal images is highly dependent on the practical experience of a physician or ophthalmologist. However, training highly-skilled ophthalmologists usually take years and the number of them, especially in the less-developed area, is still far from enough. Therefore, developing an automatic retinal diseases detection system is important, and it will broadly facilitate diagnostic accuracy of retinal diseases. Moreover, for remote rural areas, where there are even no ophthalmologists locally to screen retinal disease, the automatic retinal diseases detection system also helps non-ophthalmologists find the patient of the retinal disease, and further, refer them to the medical center for further treatment. The development of automatic diseases detection (ADD) _cite_ alleviates enormous pressure from social healthcare systems. Retinal symptom analysis _cite_ is one of the important ADD applications given that it offers a unique opportunity to improve eye care on a global stage. The World Health Organization estimates that age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and Diabetic Retinopathy, which are two typical retinal diseases, are expected to affect over N million people worldwide by N _cite_ . Moreover, the increasing number of cases of diabetic retinopathy globally requires extending efforts in developing visual tools to assist in the analytic of the series of retinal disease. These decision support systems for retinal ADD, as _cite_ for non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy have been improved from recent machine learning success on the high dimensional images processing by featuring details on the blood vessel. _cite_ demonstrated an automated technique for the segmentation of the blood vessels by tracking the center of the vessels on Kalman Filter. However, these pattern recognition based classification still rely on hand-crafted features and only specify for evaluating single retinal symptom. Despite extensive efforts using wavelet signal processing, retinal ADD remains a viable target for improved machine learning techniques applicable for point-of-care (POC) medical diagnosis and treatment in the aging society _cite_ . To the best of our knowledge, the amount of clinical retinal images are less compared to other cell imaging data, such as blood cell and a cancer cell. However, a vanilla deep learning based diseases diagnosis system requires large amounts of data. Therefore, we propose a novel visual-assisted diagnosis algorithm which is based on an integration of the support vector machine and deep neural networks. The primary goal of this work is to automatically classify N specific retinal diseases for human beings with the reliable clinical-assisted ability on the intelligent medicine approaches. To foster the long-term visual analytics research, we also present a visual clinical label collection, EyeNet, including several crucial symptoms as AMD, DR, uveitis, BRVO, BRAO. \noindent Contributions.