Generating novel sequences of human motion to form an action has been a challenging problem. Human action classification and prediction have been studied in detail but there have been few works exploring generation of novel actions. With the advent of powerful generative models such as generative adversarial networks (GAN) ~, novel data generation has become a possibility. However, in human action generation, simple generation of a random sequence of motions may not suffice the requirements and usability. We need a proper control of the action labels for the generated actions and also the style of the motion sequences in a given action class. Recent studies have explored the possibility of human action prediction given a number of prior motion sequences ~ .~ proposed a sparse autoencoder model to predict human motions in an unsupervised manner.~ proposed a prediction model based on sequence to sequence (SeqNseq) model to predict short-term human actions. On the other hand, ~ introduced a SeqNseq model trained with an adversarial cost to predict the future skeleton frames given a sequence of prior frames. The conventional human motion prediction models described above have several limitations as they are proposed to just predict the future frames given a series of inputs. These models have limited ability to generate novel actions. Moreover, such models have no control, such as the class of action or initial position, over the predicted motions as the generation is conditioned over the input frames. The recently proposed prediction model~ that utilizes GAN in the model to enhance the generation capability does not have the capability to generate a desired class of action. Furthermore, the generated future motion sequences are highly dependent on the given prior poses and the effect of random _inline_eq_ on the generated action style is minimal. In order to address these issues, we need a generative model that can handle generation of desired action classes with different styles. The aim of this paper is to explore a new algorithm to generate multiple classes of human actions as well as consecutive sequences of human actions. Indeed, most of the movement information is stored in the human skeleton sequences. Therefore, generating corresponding human skeleton plays an important role in the human motion generation task. This fact inspired us to introduce a model that is able to generate a novel sequence of human skeleton poses with the help of a generative model. In this work, we introduce a new framework to generate novel human actions with the help of GAN. We propose a model, which combines an autoencoder and a conditional GAN~, in order to generate a sequence of human actions. The autoencoder and the conditional GAN are trained simultaneously in an end-to-end manner. The model generates human actions based on a given action class and an initial start position. We can change the random vector _inline_eq_ to generate different styles of actions. The proposed model can also generate a sequence of human actions without any continuity issues. We train our model using the NTU RGB-D dataset~, which is collected using Microsoft Kinect, and we show that the model can successfully generate a variety and combinations of multiple actions. The major contributions of this paper are as follows: