People-centric sensing enables a wide range of challenging but promising applications which have great potential on impacting people's daily lives _cite_ in many realms such as Brain Computer Interface (BCI) _cite_, assistive living _cite_, robotics _cite_ and rehabilitation _cite_ . One of the major components of people-centric sensing is understanding human behaviors by analyzing the data collected from people-centric sensing devices, such as wearable sensors and biosensors. However, annotation is difficult in the context of people-centric sensing due to the expensive manual cost, privacy violation and the difficulty in automation _cite_ . Therefore, a large body of research on semi-supervised learning (SSL) has been proposed. SSL enables a reliable model to be trained by learning from the labeled samples and properly leveraging the unlabeled samples as well. Most of the existing SSL works are based on the assumption that the labeled data and the unlabeled data are drawn from identical or similar distributions. For example, _cite_, _cite_ and _cite_ utilize multiple classifiers to pseudo-label the unlabeled samples that obtain confident predictions. In their tasks, the correctness of labeling is ensured by the condition that the labeled data and the unlabeled data are drawn from similar distributions. But this assumption does not always stand. In practical human-centred scenarios, only a few subjects' labeled data can be collected for training and unlabeled data are usually collected from the target users. Since people have diverse behavior patterns and biological phenomena _cite_, data collected from different subjects are distributed variously. This triggers the distribution shift problem where the labeled data and the unlabeled data are distributed differently. Distribution shift is a common problem in people-centric sensing and most practical applications that require predictive modeling. Despite this, the major attention is given to semi-supervised learning of which the main challenge is data scarcity instead of shifted distributions. Distribution shift has been relatively underexplored until recently. Some researchers propose to tackle the distribution shift problem by unsupervised domain adaptation or transferring the model trained on the labeled data to the unlabeled data. For instance, some recent works such as _cite_ and _cite_ are committed to mapping both domains into the common feature space. However, they make the covariate assumption that only the marginal distributions of the input data are shifted but overlook the potential shift in the conditional distributions of the output labels given inputs. In this setting, their models only see the difference between the labeled data and the unlabeled data but neglect their latent output-related similarity. To fill this gap, we propose a two-faced treatment that tackles the problem of SSL for distribution shift. We define two characteristics for the training data, person-specific discrepancy and task-specific consistency . Person-specific discrepancy means the distribution divergence of data collected from different people owing to their different behavior patterns and biological phenomena. In our semi-supervised setting, person-specific discrepancy also represents the distribution divergence between the labeled data and the unlabeled data. By contrast, task-specific consistency denotes the inherent similarity of the data of the subjects performing the same task. Our aim is to learn an embedding that reduces person-specific discrepancy and simultaneously preserves task-specific consistency. The main building blocks of the proposed approach are illustrated in Figure~ _ref_ . We start by reducing person-specific discrepancy. By adversarial training, we reduce the distribution divergence between the latent features of the labeled data and the unlabeled data. Then, we generate paired features and force them to lie in the same space to preserve task-specific consistency. In this way, we ensure the classifier trained with the labeled samples is also effective on the unlabeled samples. The key contributions of this research are as follows: