Head pose estimation is an important visual cue in many fields, such as human intention, motivation, attention and so on. In particular, in automotive context, head pose estimation is one of the key elements for attention monitoring and driver behavior analysis. Distracting driving has a crucial role in road crashes, as reported by the official US government website about distracted driving _cite_ . In particular, N \% of injury crashes were caused by distraction, more than N people were killed in N in a crash involving a distracted driver, and distraction is responsible for N \% of fatal crashes of drivers under the age of twenty _cite_ . The National Safety Administration (NHTSA) defines driving distraction as " an activity that could divert a person's attention away from the primary task of driving ". Driving distractions have been classified into three main categories _cite_: It is intuitive that smartphone is one of the most important cause of fatal driving distraction: it involves all three distraction categories mentioned above and it represents about N \% of fatal driver accidents in North America. The introduction of semi-autonomous and autonomous driving vehicles and their coexistence with traditional cars is going to increase the already high interest about driver attention studies. Very likely, automatic pilots and human drivers will share the control of the vehicles, and the first will need to call back the latter when needed. For example, the same situation is currently happening on airplanes. The monitoring of the driver attention level is a key-enabling factor in this case. In addition, legal implications will be raised _cite_ . Among the others, a correct estimation of the driver head pose is an important element to accomplish driver attention and behavior monitoring during driving activity. To this aim, the placement and the choice of the most suitable sensing device is crucial. In particular, the final system should be able to work on each weather condition, like shining sun and clouds, in addition to sunrises, sunsets, nights that could dramatically change the quality and the visual performance of acquired images. Infrared or, even better, depth cameras overcome classical RGB sensors in this respect (see Fig. _ref_) . In this work, we use and investigate the potentiality of depth images. The release of cheap but accurate ND sensors, like Microsoft Kinect, brings up new opportunities in this field and much more accurate depth maps. Existing depth-based methods either need manual or semi-automatic initialization, could not handle large pose variations and does not work in real time; all these elements are not admissible in automotive context. Here, we propose an efficient and accurate head localization framework, exploiting Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in a data regression manner. The provided results confirm that a low quality depth input image is enough to achieve good performance. Although the recent advantages in classification tasks using CNNs, the lack of research on deep approaches for angle regression proves the complexity of this kind of task.