Small vessel diseases are mainly systemic disorders that affect various tissues and organs of human body. These diseases are thought to be the most frequent pathological neurological process and have a crucial role in at least three fields: stroke, dementia and aging . White matter lesions characterized by bilateral, mostly symmetrical hyperintensities are commonly seen on FLAIR MRI of clinically healthy elderly people; furthermore, they have been repeatedly associated with various neurological and geriatric disorders such as mood problems and cognitive decline . Manual delineation of WMH area, as shown in Figure _ref_, is a reliable way to assess white matter abnormalities but this process is laborious and time-consuming for neuroradiologists and shows high intra-rater and inter-rater variability . Computer vision and machine learning techniques have increasingly shown a promising road for automatic diagnosis of diseases through medical imaging. By analyzing imaging data in a statistical manner, many image processing algorithms dealing with brain lesions generalize well within closely related applications, for example, in the segmentation of WMH, multiple sclerosis (MS), tumors, stroke, and even traumatic brain injury. Although various computer-aided diagnosis systems have been proposed for these different brain lesion segmentation tasks, the reported results are largely incomparable due to different datasets and evaluation protocols. _cite_ ~presented an early attempt at developing an unsupervised-learning-based segmentation system to detect multiple sclerosis lesions from large datasets of TN-weighted (TN), proton density-weighted (PD) and TN-weighted (TN) scans. The method simultaneously estimates the parameters of a stochastic model for normal brain MR images and detects MS lesions as outliers of the model. _cite_ developed a supervised-learning-based automated system using TN, inversion recovery, PD, TN and fluid attenuation inversion recovery (FLAIR) scans. Intensity and ND spatial features were extracted from the voxels and are used to train a k-nearest neighbors classifier. _cite_ used artificial neural networks based on intensity and spatial information, in which six optimized networks were produced to investigate the impact of different input modalities on WMH segmentation. _cite_ developed a method that searched for WMHs per-region instead of per-voxel. The region-based features are combined with an adaptive boosting statistical classifier. _cite_ were the first to address the MS lesion segmentation in a straightforward learning approach using context-rich, symmetry and local spacial features and random forest. _cite_ built the intensity histogram of FLAIR by a Gaussian mixture model. Then the probability of a voxel depends on not only the voxel's intensity but also on its neighbors' current class probabilities. _cite_ contributed an open source tool for the segmentation of hyperintensities that integrates with the popular SPM package. _cite_ developed an intensity-based, monospectral segmentation method in which the optimal intensity threshold on FLAIR images varied with WMH volume. Very recently, _cite_ integrated the anatomical location information into the convolutional neural networks (CNN), in which several deep CNN architectures that consider multi-scale patches or take explicit location features were proposed. _cite_ proposed a patch-based deep CNN to segment brain tissues and WMH in MR images. In computing research, benchmarking on specific problems is an effective way to fairly compare state-of-the-art methods. There have been several related benchmarks on automated segmentation of different brain tissues in MR images in the field of medical image analysis. The Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Segmentation Challenge N organized by _cite_ is one of the early contests for comparing the methods for automatic extraction of MS lesions from TN, TN and FLAIR MRI data. The Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation Challenge (ISLES) from N to N organized by _cite_ provides a platform for fair comparison of stroke lesion segmentation algorithms. The Multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BRATS) organized by _cite_ draws much attention since N which focuses on segmentation of low-and high-grade gliomas, more recently, prediction of patient overall survival. Different from the above tasks, WMH tend to have consistent patterns such as significant symmetry, but they are more scattered, often with some regions of very small size and irregular shapes. Furthermore, compared with other brain tissue segmentations, WMH segmentations are more likely to be susceptible to the presence of motion artefacts and other brain abnormalities, such as brain infarcts . The was held to compare state-of-the-art algorithms in conjunction with the N _inline_eq_ International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI N) . This paper describes our winning entry to this challenge in detail, which was evaluated by the organizers on clinical datasets. The algorithm was containerized and applied to the test datasets by the challenge organizers, while the test sets remained unseen to us and other contestants. The test set includes N secret cases from five different MR scanners world-widely from three hospitals in the Netherlands and Singapore. Our approach to detecting WMH in MR images is based on an ensemble of convolution-deconvolution architecture with long-range connections which simultaneously classifies each pixel and locates objects of an input image. In our system, we implement a network architecture with N layers that are optimized for classifying and localizing the WMH. Ensemble models trained with random parameter initializations and shuffled data are employed for voting the pixel labels in the final evaluation. This paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ describes the datasets, rating criteria, five evaluation metrics on segmentation performance and rank method of the challenge. Section _ref_ presents in detail each component of our method and how some key parameters are optimized. Section _ref_ evaluates the proposed system on the public training dataset (N cases) and reports results for the hidden held-out dataset (N cases) . Section _ref_ discusses different aspects of our winning method. This includes the motivation to use ND model instead of ND one, a novel cross-scanner study on how the combination of modalities and data augmentation strengthen the generalization capability to unseen scanners. Furthermore, evaluation on the adaptability to various scanners as well as quantitative analysis on the optimal number of ensemble models are performed.