Segmentation of vessel-like structures are important for many applications including analysis of fungal infection of plant tissue _cite_, retinal vessel segmentation for systemic disease detection _cite_, and apple tree branch segmentation for a harvesting robot _cite_ . The focus of this study is on the automated segmentation of fungal infection networks (connected strands of cells that form branched networks) in macroscopic microscopy images of maize. Macroscopic microscopy is a term used to refer to microscopy images that are stitched together to produce an image of a macroscopic specimen in microscopic detail _cite_ . The high resolution of microscopy image stacks, combined with artifacts from fluorescent staining and image processing pose a challenge to obtaining accurate segmentations in an efficient manner. Moreover, this data is cumbersome to segment for a human, such that no ground truth data exist to quantitatively compare different algorithms. It is difficult for a human to manually segment for a few reasons: existing tools are not well suited for N-D segmentation (requiring slice-by-slice editing), high intensity regions can be blurred between multiple Z-slices, non-uniform staining can cause strands of fungus to vary in intensity, and background artifacts from plant material can obscure the fungus. In order to compare algorithms for the segmentation of hyphal networks, we developed a synthetic image stack generator that simulates vessel-like networks. Even with precise segmentations, small gaps can be present due to nonuniform staining artifacts in the underlying image data. This can create more hyphal networks than actually exist, leading to incorrect estimates of the length, depth, and branching features of true networks. To solve this problem, we employ a minimum spanning tree (MST) algorithm to backfill small gaps in a hyphal network. We implement this algorithm in a generalized way to work with N-dimensional (N-D) data. The contribution of this work is as follows. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ gives an overview of vessel segmentation approaches. Section _ref_ details the method for closing gaps in the skeletonized segmentation via MST. Section _ref_ describes our experiments, Section _ref_ presents the synthetic hyphal network generator along with quantitative results on synthetically generated data. Section _ref_ is a description and qualitative comparison of real macroscopic microscopy data from _cite_ . Finally, the paper is summarized and concluded in Section _ref_ .