Multi-parametric MRI can greatly improve detection of prostate cancer and can also lead to a more accurate biopsy verdict by highlighting areas of suspicion _cite_ . Unfortunately, MR-guided procedures are costly and restrictive, whereas ultrasound guidance offers more flexibility and can exploit the added MR information through fusion _cite_ . A key step in the registration of diagnostic MR and live trans-rectal ultrasound is the automatic localization of the prostate gland within the ultrasound image in real-time. This localization could be achieved by automatically identifying a set of image landmarks on the border of the prostate gland. This task by itself is in general challenging due to low tissue contrast leading to fuzzy boundaries and varying prostate gland sizes in the population. Furthermore, prostate calcifications cause shadowing within the ultrasound image hindering the observation of the gland boundary. An example of this case is shown in Fig.~ _ref_ ~ (a) . Learning these landmark locations is further complicated by inherent label noise as these landmarks are not defined with absolute certainty. A small inter-slice variability in prostate shape could result in rather larger deviation in the landmark locations, which are placed by expert annotators. Our analysis of this uncertainty is further explained in Section~ _ref_ . Through initial set of experiments we observed that individual landmark detection/regression does not yield accurate results as the global context in terms of how the landmarks are connected is not properly utilized. Even for expert annotators, it is essential to use the context to place the challenging landmarks, specifically the ones in regions with little signal or cues. Incorporating topological/spatial priors into landmark detection tasks is an active area of research with broad applications. Conditional Random Fields incorporating priors have been used with deep learning to improve delineation tasks in computer vision _cite_ . In medical imaging, improving landmark and contour localization tasks through the use of novel deep learning architectures has been presented in _cite_ . In particular in _cite_, the authors considered the sequential detection of prostate boundary through the use of recurrent neural networks in polar coordinate transformed images; however, their method assumes that the prostate is already localized and cropped. In this work we propose a deep adversarial multitask learning approach to address the challenges associated with robust localization of prostate landmarks. Our design aims to improve performance in regions, where the boundary is ambiguous by using the spatial context to inform landmark placement. Multitask learning provides an effective way to bias a network to learn additional information that can be useful for the original task through the use of auxiliary tasks _cite_ . In particular, to bring in the global context, we learn to predict the complete boundary contour in addition to the location of each landmark to enforce the overall algorithm to be more contextually aware. This multitasking network is further coupled by discriminator network that provides feedback regarding the feasibility of predicted contours. Our work shares similarities with _cite_, where the authors used multitasking with adversarial regularization in human pose estimation in an extensive network. Unlike the method in _cite_, our approach is easily trainable and can perform at high frame rates and compared to _cite_, it does not require the localization of the prostate gland beforehand.