Capturing subsurface complexity and connectivity is of utmost importance for reliable groundwater modeling and uncertainty quantification \citep [] {Mariethoz-CaersN, LindeN} . Subsurface flow and transport modeling studies often rely on inversion methodologies to derive subsurface structures that are consistent with both available prior information and indirect measurements of one or more state variables such as hydraulic head or concentration. When it is unrealistic to assume that the subsurface is multi-Gaussian \citep [] {GomezHernandez-WenN, Journel-ZhangN}, one popular solution is to resort to multiple-point statistics (MPS) simulation \citep [] {StrebelleN, MariethozN, LiN, Tahmasebi-SahimiNa, Tahmasebi-SahimiNb, TahmasebiN} . MPS techniques generate model realizations that honor a prior model which is determined by a training image (TI) . The TI is a large gridded ND or ND unconditional representation of the expected target spatial field that can be either continuous or categorical (e.g., geologic facies image) . Despite recent advances \citep [] {ZahnerN, LaloyN, JaeglliN}, MPS-based probabilistic inversion is slow and the exploration of the posterior density is often incomplete. Different model reduction techniques \citep [and references therein] {Vo-DurlofskyN} exist but they generally do not provide model realizations that agree well with the MPS characteristics of the TIs used (i.e., geological realism is lost) . The problem of how to effectively address inversion that honor the information content of complex geological priors is thus a largely open and important research question. Deep learning is currently transforming science and associated industries \citep [] {GoodfellowN} . Deep learning can be thought of as a class of mathematical models that automatically learn a new parametric representation of the data that are given to them and, for some specific models, enable inverse mapping from the learned representation to the original data space. Note that the term ``data" is here employed in a wide sense, and can thus include images, text, etc. More specifically, a TI is considered data in this terminology. Technically speaking, ``deep" refers to the number of layers in a so-called (artificial) neural network. Yet it also more broadly relates to increased model flexibility and complexity. A deep model takes raw data and constructs complex representations that are expressed in terms of other, simpler representations \citep [] {GoodfellowN} . Recently, have proposed a deep neural network model of the variational autoencoder (VAE) type that is able to build a low-dimensional parameterization of complex binary geologic prior models. They then performed probabilistic inversion within the resulting low-dimensional parameter space. This approach was shown to outperform state-of-the-art MPS-based inversion by sequential geostatistical resimulation \citep [] {MariethozNb, HansenN, LaloyN, ZahnerN} for the considered problem. Nevertheless, the VAE-based inversion approach by suffers from three limitations: (N) it needs a large set (tens of thousands) of training images, (N) it is applicable to binary geologic models only and (N) it defines a global model compression in which each of the low-dimensional (latent) parameters influences the whole spatial model domain (i.e., the original model space that might correspond to a gridded ND or ND field) . In this work, we address these issues by using a totally different type of neural network called spatial generative adversarial neural network (SGAN) . Generative neural networks are deep networks that can be trained to stochastically generate data with similar properties as a training dataset \citep [] {GoodfellowN} . In the following simulation and inversion examples, we will for clarity use the term ``model" instead of ``data" when referring to a representation of subsurface property fields. Lately, generative adversarial networks \citep [] {GoodfellowN} have become increasingly popular in the field of deep learning. The main specificity of GANs is that they are learned by creating a competition between the actual generative model or ``generator" and a discriminator in a zero-sum game framework, in which these components are learned jointly. The discriminator tries to distinguish between real (training) data and generated data (i.e., to detect imperfections in the realizations), and the generator aims at fooling the discriminator, thereby, improving the realizations. A large variety of GANs have recently been proposed to generate different types of high-dimensional data, mostly images \citep [] {RadfordN, JetchevN}, but also sound \citep [] {YangN} and text \citep [] {LiangN} to list a few application areas. In this work, we introduce the idea and demonstrate the performance of using a spatial GAN (SGAN) for MPS-based geostatistical inversion in ND and ND spatial domains. We propose a ND extension of the original ND SGAN by . To enable efficient Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) inversion, we take advantage of the fact that, similarly to the deep variational autoencoder (VAE) used by, the standard GAN architecture defines a low-dimensional ``latent" representation of the original high-dimensional data (i.e., spatial subsurface property fields in our case) . In such an architecture, the high-dimensional data realizations are obtained by propagating a low-dimensional random noise vector through the network. The inversion parameters can thus be defined by and state-of-the-art MCMC sampling can be performed within this low-dimensional latent space. Compared to our previous work with a VAE, our SGAN has the following advantages: (N) training the network is performed using a single TI only, (N) it is fully ND, (N) it can handle both binary and multi-categorical data (geological facies in our case), (N) it is designed such that each dimension of the latent space influences a specific part of the high-dimensional domain, and (N) it results into an even more compact representation of high-dimensional ND domains with a dimensionality reduction that can exceed N orders of magnitude. The latent (model) representation learned by the SGAN defines a low-dimensional uniform parameter space. Random draws from this low-dimensional space can be fed to the SGAN generator to create spatial model realizations with similar spatial statistics as those found in the TI. From an inversion perspective, it is very attractive to reduce an inverse problem with tens (or hundreds) of thousands of unknowns with complex spatial priors to the inference of an independent low-dimensional latent space. For a given hydrogeological forward model, the inversion performance will be largely dependent on (N) the time needed for training the network and performing the mapping from the latent space to the spatial domain needed for forward model simulations (ie., the time required by the generator to produce a realization) and (N) the ability of the generator to produce geostatistical realizations with similar MPS characteristics as the TI. Indeed, high-quality inversion results can only be achieved if the realizations are of sufficiently high quality in the first place. This implies that it is necessary to investigate the ability of our SGAN to produce unconditional geostatistical realizations. As of direct conditioning data, we demonstrate that they can be incorporated within the inversion. The geostatistical simulation component of our paper has similarities with the independently developed study by, in which a slightly different type of GAN called deep convolutional generative adversarial network \citep [] {RadfordN} is used for ND generation of binary porous systems. The main differences between our work and that of Mosser and coworkers are as follows. First, for our SGAN each dimension of the low-dimensional latent representation influences only a given region of the original model domain, which is beneficial for inversion. Second, we consider more complex training images than the binary images investigated by . Indeed, our used TIs show a much larger degree of connectivity and can be multi-categorical. Finally and most importantly, we use our proposed SGAN to perform geostatistical inversion. This paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ presents the different elements needed for (unconditional) geostatistical simulation and inversion using a SGAN architecture. This is followed in section _ref_ with a performance analysis of the geostatistical simulation capabilities using several ND and ND categorical TIs. As discussed above, it is necessary to assess the quality of the produced geostatistical realizations prior to probabilisitc geostatistical inversion. Synthetic ND and ND experiments involving both steady-state and transient groundwater flow are then used in section _ref_ to demonstrate our proposed inverse method's capabilities. In section _ref_, we discuss the advantages and limitations of our method and outline possible future developments. Finally, section _ref_ concludes with a summary of the most important findings.