Tissue clearing is a complex bio-chemical process that can remove light-obstructing biological elements from tissues. Clearing of obstructive elements enable us to take images of cellular level details like the connection between cells. Comparison across multiple samples can also reveal the structure and dynamics of cellular activities. Images obtained from tissue clearing are very high in resolution and extremely small in pixel spacing. A simple mouse brain sample from tissue clearing can provide a ND image of around N gigabytes, N times larger than a typical human brain MRI image. In terms of resolution, a tissue cleared sample (from the CUBIC dataset used in this study _cite_) has a voxel resolution in the micro-meter scale (_inline_eq_) whereas a MRI of a human brain usually has a resolution in the millimeter scale (_inline_eq_) . Therefore, the computational analysis of these images is challenging. Image registration is a computational method that is used in image analysis and is an essential step in the comparison of images. Despite having a long history of research and development of medical image registration, most state-of-the-art registration algorithms are optimization based and do complex computation on image data iteratively until a satisfactory convergence condition is achieved. As the volume of data increases the computation time increases dramatically. For downscaled tissue cleared images, the best performing image registration tool ANTS _cite_ takes more than N hours to register a pair of brain samples _cite_ . This is a serious bottleneck and raises questions regarding their applicability to full-scale data. Deep learning has become popular in computer vision and has achieved very promising performance in tasks such as object detection and natural language processing. In medical imaging, deep learning is being used extensively in organ segmentation _cite_ and performs with high precision. Due to the complex nature of image registration and the lack of ground-truth registration data, the direct application of deep learning based models in image registration is not straight forward. In the literature _cite_, two different approaches of deep learning based image registration methods are found. In one approach, CNN architectures are used to estimate the similarity measurement between moving and fixed images and the CNN architecture is integrated in an optimization framework. Methods like _cite_, _cite_ and _cite_ falls in this approach. In the second approach, deep-architectures are directly applied on image data to estimate transformation parameters. Approaches like _cite_, fall into this category. Methods discussed here are all applied on MRI data. In our previous work _cite_, we performed an evaluation of optimization based tools using tissue cleared images. In this paper, we extend our evaluation with five publicly available optimization based image registration tools (ANTS, AIR, Elastix, NiftyReg, IRTK) and an unsupervised deep-learning based registration method (VoxelMorph) to perform registration tasks on tissue cleared images from the CUBIC _cite_ dataset. We compare the performance of the selected tools qualitatively and quantitatively along with their efficiency in time.