The reading of the ribs from ND CT scans is a typical task in radiology, e.g., to find bone lesions or identify fractures. During reading, each of the N ribs needs to be followed individually while scrolling through the slices. As a result, this task is time-consuming and rib abnormalities are likely to be overlooked. In order to assist reading, efficient visualization schemes or methods for navigation support are required. These applications are typically based on the rib centerlines, cf. _cite_ . Despite their generally high contrast, automated extraction of the rib centerlines from CT is challenging. For example, image noise and artifacts impede the extraction, but also other bony structures in close vicinity (most prominently the vertebra), as well as severe pathologies. Finally, anatomical labeling of the extracted centerlines (i.e. knowing which one for example is the ``Nth right rib'') is usually desirable. From an algorithmic perspective, this task is trivial if all N ribs are correctly extracted, as simply counting left and right ribs from cranial to caudal would be sufficient. Obviously, this task becomes significantly more challenging once the rib cage is only partially imaged or once a rib is missing (e.g., due to pathologies or missed detection in a previous step) . A wide range of different approaches has been proposed in the past for rib centerline extraction partially also including their labeling. Tracing based approaches, as in _cite_ aim at iteratively following the ribs. As such approaches rely on an initial seed point detection per rib, an entire rib is easily missed once a corresponding seed point was not detected. Alternatively, potential rib candidates can be first detected in the entire volume which then need to be grouped to obtain ribs, as for example done in _cite_ . However, the removal of other falsely detected structures remains a crucial task. Attempts have been made to additionally integrate prior knowledge by means of geometrical rib cage centerline models, cf. _cite_ . Nevertheless, such approaches may struggle with deviations from the model in terms of pathologies. In this paper, we propose a two-stage approach combining deep learning and classic image processing techniques to overcome several of the limitations listed above. Rib probability maps are calculated at first using a fully convolutional neural network, see Subsection _ref_, and then the centerlines are reconstructed using a specifically designed centerline extraction algorithm as described in Subsection _ref_ . In particular, three distinct rib probability maps are calculated (, or) . By knowing the first and/or twelfth rib, labeling can be solved easily by iterative counting. This scheme also works in case of partial rib cages (for example if only the upper or lower part is shown) . Evaluation is carried out on a representative number of N cases.