Semantic segmentation of outdoor scenes is a challenging problem in computer vision. Variations in imaging conditions may negatively influence the segmentation process. These varying conditions include shading, shadows, inter-reflections, illuminant color and its intensity. As image segmentation is the process of identifying and semantically grouping pixels, drastic changes in pixel values may hinder a successful segmentation. To address this problem, several methods are proposed to mitigate the effects of illumination to obtain more robust image features to help semantic segmentation _cite_ . Unfortunately, these methods provide illumination invariance artificially by hand crafted features. Instead of using narrow and specific invariant features, in this paper, we focus on image formation invariance induced by a full intrinsic image decomposition. Intrinsic image decomposition is the process of decomposing an image into its image formation components such as albedo (reflectance) and shading (illumination) _cite_ . The reflectance component contains the true color of objects in a scene. In fact, albedo is invariant to illumination, while the shading component heavily depends on object geometry and illumination conditions in a scene. As a result, using reflectance images for semantic segmentation task can be favorable, as they do not contain any illumination effect. Additionally, not only segmentation may benefit from reflectance, but also segmentation may be useful for reflectance computation. Information about an object reveals strong priors about its intrinsic properties. Each object label constrains the color distribution and is expected to reflect that property to class specific reflectance values. Therefore, distinct object labels provided by semantic segmentation can guide intrinsic image decomposition process by yielding object specific color distributions per label. Furthermore, semantic segmentation process can act as an object boundary guidance map for intrinsic image decomposition by enhancing cues that differentiate between reflectance and occlusion edges in a scene. In addition, homogeneous regions (i.e. in terms of color) within an object segment should have similar reflectance values. Therefore, in this paper, the tasks of semantic segmentation and intrinsic image decomposition are considered as a combined process by exploring their mutual relationship in a joint fashion. To this end, we propose a supervised end-to-end convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture to jointly learn intrinsic image decomposition {\em and} semantic segmentation. The joint learning includes an end-to-end trainable encoder-decoder CNN with one shared encoder and three separate decoders: one for reflectance prediction, one for shading prediction, and one for semantic segmentation prediction. In addition to joint learning, we explore new cascade CNN architectures to use reflectance to improve semantic segmentation, and semantic segmentation to steer the process of intrinsic image decomposition. To train the proposed supervised network, a large dataset is needed with ground-truth images for both image semantic segmentation (i.e. class labels) and intrinsic properties (i.e. reflectance and shading) . However, there is no such a dataset. Therefore, we have created a large-scale dataset featuring plants and objects under varying illumination conditions that are mostly found in natural environments. The dataset is at scene-level considering natural environments containing intrinsic image decomposition and semantic segmentation ground-truths. The dataset contains NK synthetic images with corresponding albedo and shading (intrinsics), as well as semantic labels (segmentation) assigned to each object/scene. Our contributions are: (N) a CNN architecture for joint learning of intrinsic image decomposition and semantic segmentation, (N) analysis on the gains of addressing those two problems jointly, (N) new cascade CNN architectures for intrinsic-for-segmentation and segmentation-for-intrinsic, and (N) a very large-scale dataset of synthetic images of natural environments with scene level intrinsic image decomposition and semantic segmentation ground-truths.