Accurately tracking objects of interest such as pedestrians and vehicles in video streams is an important problem with applications in many fields such as surveillance, robotics and autonomous vehicles. The problem of Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) in video has mostly been addressed in recent literature using the `tracking by detection' framework. In this formulation, detections are combined to estimate the trajectories of tracked objects. Solutions can generally be grouped in to online and batch processes. The difference being, online solutions use measurements only as they arrive while a batch process may build globally optimal trajectories by considering measurements at all times. In this paper we present an online approach to solving the MOT problem for pedestrian tracking and evaluate it on the MOTChallenge dataset _cite_ . Motivated by the large amounts of labelled data now available for pedestrian re-identification problems, the proposed method uses a deep-learning approach to appearance modelling. We present a convolutional neural network, trained in a Siamese configuration to produce a discriminative appearance similarity metric for pedestrians. We present three ways in which this deep appearance metric learning can be used in MOT and show how using two of these components together can achieve competitive performance on a tracking benchmark. We compare our results to those of other methods and evaluate each use of the proposed appearance metric independently in an ablative study. First we show how a learned appearance metric can be used to improve the assignment of candidate detections to form short tracks (tracklets) as the first step in creating longer optimal tracks. Next we show how the same metric learner can perform detection boosting to reduce false negatives where detections are missing within a person's track. Lastly the deep appearance metric is used to perform iterative appearance based merging of tracklets to form longer tracks, a process we call tracklet association . We accomplish this as an online process, with a playback delay of only a few seconds, at a frame rate suitable for real-time applications. The rest of the paper is organised as follows; section~ _ref_ describes the related approaches in the literature, section~ _ref_ introduces the proposed Siamese Deep Metric Tracker, section~ _ref_ evaluates the proposed method on the publicly available MOTN dataset of the MOTChallenge, section~ _ref_ discusses the evaluation results and section~ _ref_ concludes the paper.