Obtaining high-resolution population distribution (HRPD) is of great importance for urban applications of business locating, transportation planning, city service managing, etc. However, the HRPD is only available to some specific companies like the internet service providers. The general businesses have to pay a lot for it or rely on some coarse and static population data to make decisions. Meanwhile, the real-time collection of HRPD data is also computing-consuming and generates unnecessary burdens to computing systems. Thus, more efficient methods are highly required in obtaining HRPD data. Some previous studies utilized external information like remote-sensing data to generate HRPD _cite_ . As the state-of-the-art for these works, R. Stevens. et.al.~ _cite_ used random forest algorithm via lots of data sources. However, these works heavily rely on many ancillary data sets that are expensive to obtain, difficult to process, and limited to certain time slots. Other studies developed interpolation algorithms for super-resolution images, which provided powerful tools to convert low-resolution data into high-resolution data, independent of other ancillary data _cite_ . One of the state-of-the-art method is SRCNN~ _cite_, which first utilized convolutional neural network as the interpolate function to model complex spatial relations in image. However, the amplification of this model is limited to _inline_eq_, which is too small for our population application. Additionally, the HRPD is not only related to the coarse population distribution but also the structure of the urban, which can not be considered directly by these existing methods. Several challenges exist in dynamic population mapping. First, it is not easy to define a simple math function to describe the complex spatial relations. Second, the HRPD is influenced by other external knowledge like urban structures. Third, generating temporal trends from scratch is difficult. In this paper, we propose DeepDPM, a deep learning based model that consists of augmented stacked super-resolution convolution neural network (SRCNN) as the static part, and time-embedded LSTM as the dynamic part, to evaluate population mapping in both spatial and temporal dimensions. Our static part predicts HRPD at different time slots, while the static output is further used by the dynamic part to generate temporal trends. PoI (Point of Interest) is also considered as an ancillary data which is easy to obtain. Our experiments showed that DeepDPM outperforms other traditional methods, and generates high-resolution results for urban population structures. Our contributions can be summarized as follows: