X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) is one of the most powerful clinical imaging imaging tools, delivering high-quality images in a fast and cost effective manner. However, the X-ray is harmful to the human body, so many studies has been conducted to develop methods that reduce the X-ray dose. Specifically, X-ray doses can be reduced by reducing the number of photons, projection views or the size of the field-of-view of X-rays. Among these, the CT technique for reducing the field-of-view of X-ray is called interior tomography. Interior tomography is useful when the region-of-interest (ROI) within a patient's body is small (such as heart), because interior tomography aims to obtain an ROI image by irradiating only the ROI with x-rays. Interior tomography not only can dramatically reduce the X-ray dose, but also has cost benefits by using a small-sized detector. However, the use of an analytic CT reconstruction algorithm generally produces images with severe artifacts due to the transverse directional projection truncation. Sinogram extrapolation is a simple approximation method to reduce the artifacts. However, sinogram extrapolation method still generates biased CT number in the reconstructed image. Recently, Katsevich et al _cite_ proved the general uniqueness results for the interior problem and provided stability estimates. Using the total variation (TV) penalty, the authors in _cite_ showed that a unique reconstruction is possible if the images are piecewise smooth. In a series of papers _cite_, our group has shown that a generalized L-spline along a collection of chord lines passing through the ROI can be uniquely recovered _cite_ ; and we further substantiated that the high frequency signal can be recovered analytically thanks to the Bedrosian identify, whereas the computationally expensive iterative reconstruction need only be performed to reconstruct the low frequency part of the signal after downsampling _cite_ . While this approach significantly reduces the computational complexity of the interior reconstruction, the computational complexity of existing iterative reconstruction algorithms prohibits their routine clinical use. In recent years, deep learning algorithms using convolutional neural network (CNN) have been successfully used for low-dose CT _cite_, sparse view CT _cite_, etc. However, the more we have observed impressive empirical results in CT problems, the more unanswered questions we encounter. In particular, one of the most critical questions for biomedical applications is whether a deep learning-based CT does create any artificial structures that may mislead radiologists in their clinical decision. Fortunately, in a recent theory of {\em deep convolutional framelets} _cite_, we showed that the success of deep learning is not from a magical power of a black-box, but rather comes from the power of a novel signal representation using non-local basis combined with data-driven local basis. Thus, the deep network is indeed a natural extension of classical signal representation theory such as wavelets, frames, etc; so rather than creating new informations, it attempts to extract the most information out of the the input data using the optimal signal representation. Inspired these findings, here we propose a deep learning framework for interior tomography problem. Specifically, we demonstrate that the interior tomography problem can be formulated as a reconstruction problem in an end-to-end manner under the constraints that remove the null space signal components of the truncated Radon transform. Numerical results confirmed the proposed deep learning architecture outperforms the existing interior tomography methods in image quality and reconstruction time.