Due to the risk of radiation exposure, methods for minimizing X-ray dose have been extensively studied. A reduction in the number of X-ray photons emitted can solve the problem of radiation exposure. However, it brings the low signal-to-ratio (SNR) measurements that cause the noise in the reconstruction results. The noise of low-dose CT is usually approximated by Gaussian model, but CT specific streaking noise is also included in the low-dose CT images. Streaking noise occurs due to the photon starvation and beam hardening from sophisticated non-linear X-ray photon acquisition processes. To cope with these problems, model based iterative reconstruction (MBIR) algorithms have been investigated _cite_ . However, MBIR have the limitations because of computationally extensive iterative applications of forward and backward projection. Nowadays, extensive data is available, so it is desirable to use this database. In the computer vision community, deep convolution neural network (CNN) were actively investigated using the large data and high-performance graphical processing units (GPUs) _cite_ . With the developments of new network units such as rectified linear unit (ReLU), max pooling and batch normalization, the classical training problems are solved and the networks are given deep structures. Deep network has achieved the great performance improvement in low-level computer vision applications such as denoising _cite_ and super-resolution _cite_ . In the area of medical imaging, there are also extensive research activities that use deep learning. However, most of these studies focus on image-based diagnostics, and its applications for image reconstruction problems such as x-ray computed tomography (CT) reconstruction are relatively less studied. Recently, we have introduced a wavelet domain deep learning algorithm for low-dose X-ray CT algorithm _cite_, whose validity has been rigorously confirmed by winning the second place award in AAPM Low-Dose CT Grand Challenges. However, in this earlier work, the reconstruction results lost some texture of the original images. Therefore, one of the most important contributions of this paper is the development of a drastically improved deep network, which overcomes the limitations of previous work by maintaining detailed textures and edges to improve the performance. The key to such an improvement is the observation that the low-dose noise artifacts in wavelet domain has a much simpler topology than the original full-dose images so that the learning of the artifact signal is easier than learning the full-dose images. Once the noise in the wavelet domain is estimated, the denoised wavelet coefficients are obtained by subtracting the estimated noise from the wavelet coefficients of input low-dose X-ray CT images. Then, the final image is obtained by executing wavelet recomposition. Because the learning is done to estimate the wavelet domain residual signals, we call the new deep learning algorithm as {\em wavelet domain residual network (WavResNet)} .