Steganography is the technique of concealing communication by means of cover medium transmission. It is a hot topic of information security and has drawn more and more attention in recent years. On the contrary, steganalysis aims at detecting the very existence of secret message in covers such as digital images. It is a very challenging task because the stego signal is usually very weak while greatly impacted by the variations of cover contents. Generally, it can be seen as a binary classification problem that distinguishes stegos from covers. For a long time, detection is conducted with two separate steps: feature extraction and classification. It would be worth to note that, though classifier is automatically optimized, the crucial feature extraction is based entirely on heuristics. To detect the advanced steganographic schemes _cite_, various handcrafted high-dimensional features such as rich feature representations _cite_ have been proposed, even though the image is hard to modeled. In recent years, based on the concept of learning features automatically, deep learning has made significant achievements in various areas like computer vision. The use of deep learning challenges traditional handcrafted feature based approaches. This has aroused the interest of researchers in the steganalysis field in seeking the way to apply deep learning for steganalysis. In our very first paper _cite_, using deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) with high-pass filtering layer, we achieve comparable performance with that of the SRM _cite_ with ensemble classifiers _cite_ . Inspired by this paper, different architectures are proposed. In _cite_, Pibre et al. present a CNN architecture for steganalysis with fewer convolutional layers, and without the pooling operation. But such architecture is designed specially for steganalysis in the scenario where the embedding happened roughly in the same locations over images caused by a fixed embedding key. This is a similar situation for the architecture proposed in _cite_ . More recently, Xu et al. also propose a deep learning approach for steganalysis with a more compact CNN model _cite_ and some ensemble strategies _cite_ that have led to performance improvement. Furthermore, we pre-train a CNN model with high payload stego images and fine-tune it with lower payload ones _cite_ . The effectiveness of this transfer learning strategy has been proven. Another effective transfer learning strategy incorporating the prior knowledge from traditional steganalysis tasks to regularize a CNN model has been proposed in _cite_ . So far, deep learning shows its power in steganalysis. However, most of the proposed models are learned from pre-calculated noise residuals rather than raw images. In fact, CNNs are originally designed to learn patterns for understanding visual content of the image in computer vision problems, while in steganalysis, the signal of interest is hidden within the noise component. In order to deal with this problem, recent methods firstly filter the image with a handcrafted high-pass kernel to enhance the stego signal, and then use CNN to learn features from computed residuals. The limitation is that handcrafted kernels could be suboptimal when facing sophisticated data embedding methods and image sources. In this paper, we propose a new CNN architecture that can learn the residuals and the steganalytic features from images simultaneously. Actually, it is hard to learn such residuals with only label information. We make use of cover-stego image pairs as additional supervisory information to train the proposed network jointly and iteratively. The experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed method.