The worldwide population aged over N rises exponentially according to recent reports of the United Nations _cite_ . Amongst others the mobility problems prevail in the elder society. Ageing and many pathologies invoke changes in walking speed and stability _cite_, while N \% of the aged population is reported to have fallen every year. Especially, changes in gait speed are related to the functional independence and mobility impairment of the elderly _cite_, and are closely connected to fall incidents. In the last N years robotics research has focused on robotic mobility assistive devices, aiming to provide postural support and walking assistance _cite_, as well as sensorial and cognitive assistance to the elderly _cite_ . Their goal is to increase the user mobility, while avoiding the anxiety and frustration imposed by the common walking aids. In our previous work _cite_, we have shown that for a robotic rollator, that aims to support patients of different mobility status, user-adaptation is important. Specifically, a handy system should be able to assess the mobility state of the user and adapt the control strategies accordingly, and also monitor the rehabilitation progress and provide fall prevention. Although computing various gait parameters and the on-line classification of the pathological gait status of the user plays a significant role in the adaptation of a context-aware controller, there are also issues of gait stability that should be addressed. The purpose of this paper is to present, analyse and evaluate a novel and robust method for on-line gait stability analysis of elderly subjects walking with a mobility assistant platform (Fig. _ref_), fusing the information from an RGB-D camera that captures the upper body and a LRF monitoring the legs motion in the sagittal plane. Specifically, we use a DL approach for detecting the upper body pose and track the respective CoM through time along with an augmented gait state estimation from the LRF _cite_ . We propose a LSTM-based network for predicting the stability state of the patient, by classifying his gait as safe or fall-risk at each instance. We present a new method for predicting the gait stability state of robotic rollator users with variable pathological gait conditions, using only non-wearable sensors, in order to supply the robotic system with an alarm regarding fall risk episodes. The main goal is to integrate this information into a user-adaptive context-aware robot control architecture for the robotic assistant platform that would prevent possible falls. Fall detection and prevention is a hot topic in the field of assistive robotics _cite_ . Most of the proposed control strategies for robotic assistive platforms in literature do not deal with the problem of fall prevention and research works focus on navigation and obstacle avoidance _cite_ . However, there exist some targeted research focusing on incorporating strategies for preventing or detecting fall incidents and facilitating user's mobility. In _cite_ the authors developed an admittance controller for a passive walker with a fall-prevention function considering the position and velocity of the user, utilizing data from two LRFs. They model the user as a solid body link, in order to compute the position of the center of gravity _cite_, based on which they applied a braking force on the rollator to prevent falls. A fall detection for a cane robot was presented in _cite_, that computes the zero moment point stability of the elderly, using on-shoe sensors that provide ground force reactions. Regarding the extraction of gait motions, different types of sensors have been used _cite_ . Gait analysis can be achieved by using Hidden Markov Models for modelling normal _cite_ and pathological human gait _cite_, and extracting gait parameters _cite_ . Recently, we have developed a new method for online augmented human state estimation, that uses Interacting Multiple Model Particle Filters with Probabilistic Data Association _cite_, which tracks the users' legs using data from a LRF, while it provides real-time gait phase estimation. We have also presented a new human-robot formation controller that utilizes the gait status characterization for user adaptation towards a fall preventing system _cite_ . Gait stability is mostly analysed by using wearable sensors _cite_, like motion markers placed on the human body to calculate the body's CoM and the foot placements _cite_, and force sensors to estimate the center of pressure of the feet _cite_ . Gait stability analysis for walking aid users can be found in _cite_ . Regarding stability classification, an early approach can be found in _cite_, where the authors use the body skeleton provided by the RGB-D Kinect sensor as input and perform action classification to detect four classes of falling scenarios. However, the system was tested only with a physical therapist performing different walking problems. Human pose estimation is a challenging topic due to the variable formations of the human body, the parts occlusions, etc. The rise of powerful DL frameworks along with the use of large annotated datasets opened a new era of research for optimal human pose estimation _cite_ . Most approaches provide solutions regarding the detection of the ND pose from color images by detecting keypoints or parts on the human body _cite_ achieving high accuracy. The problem of ND pose estimation is more challenging _cite_, as the detected poses are scaled and normalized. Recent approaches aim to solve the ambiguity of ND-to-ND correspondences by learning ND poses from single color images _cite_ . Another relevant research topic concerns the tracking of human poses _cite_, but while they achieve improved levels of accuracy compared to previous methods, due to the contribution of DL, the high estimation error makes it prohibitive to integrate it into a robotic application that requires high accuracy and robustness. A recent application of pose estimation for a robotic application can be found in _cite_ . Our contributions presented in this work is the design of a novel deep-based framework for on-line human gait stability state prediction using the detection of the upper body ND pose and the respective CoM estimation from an RGB-D camera and the human gait states estimated from LRF data. Differing from the common gait stability analysis methods in literature, we propose an LSTM-based network for fusing the multi-modal information, in order to decode the hidden interaction of the body's CoM with the legs motion and the gait phases, in order to predict the gait stability of the elderly considering two possible classes: safe and fall-risk walking. The proposed on-line LSTM-based human gait stability predictor is evaluated using multi-modal data from real patients. To justify the model selection, we present an exploratory study regarding the network architecture, the selected hyperparameters and compare the performance of our framework with baseline methods. The results demonstrate the great efficiency of the LSTM-based approach to provide robust predictions of the human stability state, and show its potential to be integrated into a general user-adaptive control architecture as a fall-risk alarm.