Scene text recognition is to reading text in natural images, which has received considerable attention and plays an important role in a variety of computer vision tasks. Reading text in the wild can extract rich semantic information that is highly relevant to scene or object and therefore has been applied in plenty of real world applications, such as street sign reading in the driveless vehicle, automatic car license plate recognition, assistive technologies for the blind, robot navigation, scene understanding and image retrieval. However, suffering from various appearance, distortion, low resolution, blur and disturbance of background noise, text recognition in unconstrained environment is still a challenging problem. \par Traditional methods _cite_ recognized scene text by first detecting individual character and then recognizing each cropped character with convolutional neural network separately. A large amount of inter-character and intra-character confusion impact the performance of the entire recognition network greatly. Therefore, these approaches rely on an accurate character detector. Recently, some works adopted an end-to-end CNN framework for scene text recognition. _cite_ formulated the scene text recognition as an image classification problem. As shown in Figure _ref_ (a), each class corresponds to one word in a pre-defined large lexicon composed of around Nk words. However, it is difficult to be generalized to other situations that has huge number of classes due to the oversize pre-refined dictionary and the requirement for large amount of training samples. \par To address this dilemma, recent studies _cite_ regarded scene text recognition as a sequence recognition problem to directly generate label sequence, by means of recurrent neural network with CTC _cite_ or Attention schemes. As shown in Figure _ref_ (b), RNN is leveraged to model the sequential dependencies within the feature sequence produced by CNN and then CTC is to predict label sequence with arbitrary length. Afterwards, attention decoder _cite_ was proposed to weight the feature sequence and perform soft features selection, as illustrated in Figure _ref_ (c) . \par RNN is effective to learn the contextual information and capture the long-term dependencies. However, depending on the computation of the previous step, the recurrent connection is incapable of performing parallel operations. The process of sequence modeling is closely related to the length of input sequence due to the chain structure, so recurrent network is computation intensive and time consuming. Besides, sometimes RNN is difficult to train due to the problem of gradient vanishing/exploding _cite_ . By contrast, CNN has the superiority of parallelism and lower computational complexity. Convolutional layers apply filters over the entire sequence simultaneously and allow parallel computation. Recent works have used CNN for sequence learning in machine translation _cite_ and language modeling _cite_ . In this paper, we present an end-to-end attention convolutional network for scene text recognition, which combines CNN with CTC to generate label sequence, without any recurrent connections, as shown in Figure _ref_ (d) . Firstly, a sequence-to-map operation transforms the feature sequence into a ND map as the input of CNN to process the sequence simultaneously. Then stacked convolutional layers can extract hierarchical contextual representation of the input sequence to model the long-term dependencies with a shorter path. At the same time, the length of dependencies can be controlled by the number of convolutional layers. This architecture is entirely convolutional, so it is easily for parallel processing and independent of the sequence length. \par Besides, in order to enhance the representation of the text to be recognized and suppress the background noise, we incorporate a residual attention mechanism into a small densely connected network to extract the discriminative attention-aware features. We evaluate our approach on challenging benchmarks including the Street View Text, IIIT-NK and ICDAR datasets. It is observed that the proposed method can improve the efficiency with the state-of-the-art performance. The mainly contributions are summarized as follows: \par (N) A novel end-to-end attention convolutional network is proposed for scene text recognition, which is entirely convolutional and performs well with both high accuracy and efficiency. \par (N) Instead of RNN, we adopt the stacked convolutional layers to effectively capture the contextual dependencies of the input sequence, which is characterized by lower computational complexity and easier parallel computation. \par (N) The residual attention modules in the small densely connected network could effectively suppress the response of background noise while enhancing the representation of foreground text.