resonance imaging (MRI) is an important medical imaging technique, but its slow imaging speed poses a limitation on its widespread application. Compressed sensing (CS) theory _cite_ has been a significant development of the signal acquisition and reconstruction process that has allowed for significant acceleration of MRI. The CS-MRI problem can be formulated as the optimization where _inline_eq_ is the complex-valued MRI to be reconstructed, _inline_eq_ is the under-sampled Fourier matrix and _inline_eq_ (_inline_eq_) are the k-space data measured by the MRI machine. The first data fidelity term ensures agreement between the Fourier coefficients of the reconstructed image and the measured data, while the second term regularizes the reconstruction to encourage certain image properties such as sparsity in a transform domain. Recently, deep learning approaches have been introduced for the CS-MRI problem, achieving state-of-the-art performance compared with conventional methods. For example, an end-to-end mapping from input zero-filled MRI to a fully-sampled MRI was trained using the classic CNN model in _cite_, or its residual network variant in _cite_ . Greater integration of the data fidelity term into the network has resulted in a Deep Cascade CNN (DC-CNN) _cite_ . Compared with previous models proposed for CS-MRI inversion, deep learning is able to capture more intricate patterns within the data, which leads to their improved performance. Recently, the compressed sensing MRI is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to two main MRI vendors: GE and Siemens _cite_ . As the growing needs for application of compressed sensing MRI, improving reconstruction accuracy of the CS-MRI is of great significance. In this paper, we propose a deep learning framework in which an arbitrary CS-MRI inversion algorithm is combined with a deep learning error correction network. The network is trained for a specific inversion algorithm to exploit structural consistencies in the errors they produce. The final reconstruction is found by combining the information from the original algorithm with the error correction of the network.