Automatic face sketch-photo synthesis and identification have drawn great attention because of their applications in law enforcement and digital entertainment industry _cite_ . In law enforcement, in many cases, there is no photo of a suspect in the police database. Therefore, a forensic or composite sketch, which is drawn by a police artist or created by a software, is the only evidence to identify the suspect. However, recognition of a suspect using a face sketch is much harder than a face photo because of the significant differences between the two modalities, such as the texture and geometric mismatching, and the sensitivity of human recognition ability to the distortions of facial features. Consequently, generating photo-realistic face images of the suspects from their forensic sketches, will significantly increase the chance of identifying them. The idea of sketch-based photo synthesis goes back at least to Liu et al. _cite_, who employ a probabilistic sketch-photo generation model on input-output training image pairs. Since then, several techniques have been proposed to tackle this problem, including sparse representations _cite_, support vector regression _cite_, Bayesian tensor inference _cite_, embedded hidden Markov model _cite_, Markov random field model _cite_ . Recently, deep learning methods have been widely utilized in many areas _cite_, specifically in computer vision. With convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) becoming the common tool behind a wide variety of computer vision problems, the community has taken significant steps toward image translation tasks such as sketch-photo and photo-sketch synthesis _cite_ . Peng et al. _cite_ proposed superpixel-based face sketch–photo synthesis which can estimate the inherent face structure through image segmentation _cite_ . Zhang et al. _cite_ used a six-layer convolutional neural network (CNN) to generate sketches from photos. In _cite_, a new optimization objective function is utilized in the form of joint generative discriminative minimization to preserve the person's identity. To transfer image style between arbitrary images, a CNN-based framework was presented in _cite_ which learns generic feature representations. The success of DCNNs in image generation tasks is truly depends on the objective function which they are asked to minimize. A naive approach is to ask the DCNN to minimize Euclidean distance between generated image and its ground truth pixels, which tends to produce blurry results _cite_ . More recently, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) _cite_ achieved impressive results in image generation tasks by selecting a new loss function to generate more sharp and realistic images~ _cite_ . The key to the success of GAN is the idea of employing an adversarial loss that encourages the generated images to be indistinguishable from real images. Since collecting input-output pairs for many graphics tasks, e.g., sketch-photo synthesis, is usually a laborious process, several works also tackled the image generation problem in an unpaired setting _cite_ . In sketch-photo synthesis problem, it is even more difficult to train the network in a supervised fashion, which requires the corresponding pair of images from both the source (sketch), and the target (photo-realistic image) domains. There are two main reasons for this difficulty: First, since each artist or software has a distinct painting style, the network usually needs fine tuning on very limited number of unseen sketch styles. Second, because of the geometric mismatching between the sketches and their ground truth photos, it is almost impossible to learn a single mapping between the two domains. Consequently, in this work, we aim to design a framework which can be trained in an unpaired setting. Although our work is based on CycleGAN~ _cite_, one of the most successful unsupervised image-to-image translation frameworks, it differs from that in two effective ways. First, the CycleGAN, similar to other unsupervised GAN frameworks, is based on a cycle consistency constraint, which indicates that we should be able to reconstruct the input image from the synthesized photo. This constraint is defined as Euclidean distance between the pixels of the input and its reconstruction. However, when we are dealing with images of different modalities, e.g., sketch-photo synthesis problem, this definition can decrease the flexibility of the network or even prevents it from convergence _cite_ . This problem caused by the excessive force on the network to keep information in the pixel level. To overcome this issue, we propose to use the perceptual-loss~ _cite_ as an alternative definition of the cycle consistency. Using perceptual-loss, the network is required to only keep the high-level facial features in the reconstructed photo which matter in terms of face identification. The second, and the main, difference between our framework and the CycleGAN is employing a new discriminator, referred to as geometry-discriminator, to learn facial geometry. Isola et al.~ _cite_ confirmed that the discriminator of CycleGAN, namely PatchGAN~ _cite_, only captures local information like the textural information. Since, in statistical point of view, GAN learns the distribution of the target domain, speaking of our application, PatchGAN can only force the network to learn facial texture prior. The learned texture prior is then utilized to translate an input face sketch into a photo-realistic face while keeping the exact facial geometry of the input sketch. In contrast, in this work, our goal is to learn the facial geometry prior as well, which encourages the network to learn generating photos that are realistic in terms of the texture and geometry of the face. To this end, the aforementioned geometry-discriminator, is trained to distinguish between the real and synthesized photos by their high-level facial features. The experimental results show how learning the facial geometry help the network to generate realistic face photos.