Knee Osteoarthritis (OA) is a debilitating joint disorder that mainly degrades the knee articular cartilage. Clinically, the major pathological features for knee OA include joint space narrowing, osteophytes formation, and sclerosis. Knee OA has a high-incidence among the elderly, obese, and those with a sedentary lifestyle. In its severe stages, it causes excruciating pain and often leads to total joint arthoplasty. Early diagnosis is crucial for clinical treatments and pathology _cite_ . Despite the introduction of several imaging modalities such as MRI, Optical Coherence Tomography and ultrasound for augmented OA diagnosis, radiography (X-ray) has been traditionally preferred, and remains the main accessible tool and ``gold standard" for preliminary knee OA diagnosis _cite_ . Previous work has approached automatically assessing knee OA severity _cite_ as an image classification problem. In this work, we train CNNs from scratch to automatically quantify knee OA severity using X-ray images. This involves two main steps: N) automatically detecting and extracting the region of interest (ROI) and localizing the knee joints, N) classifying the localized knee joints. We introduce a fully-convolutional neural network (FCN) based method to automatically localize the knee joints. A FCN is an end-to-end network trained to make pixel-wise predictions _cite_ . Our FCN based method is highly accurate for localizing knee joints and the FCN can easily fit into an end-to-end network trained to quantify knee OA severity. To automatically classify the localized knee joints we propose two methods: N) training a CNN from scratch for multi-class classification of knee OA images, and N) training a CNN to optimize a weighted ratio of two loss functions: categorical cross-entropy for multi-class classification and mean-squared error for regression. We compare the results from these methods to WND-CHARM _cite_ and our previous study _cite_ . We also compare the classification results to both manual and automatic localization of knee joints. We propose a novel pipeline to automatically quantify knee OA severity including a FCN for localizing knee joints and a CNN jointly trained for classification and regression of knee joints. The main contributions of this work include the fully-convolutional network (FCN) based method to automatically localize the knee joints, training a network (CNN) from scratch that optimizes a weighted ratio of both categorical cross-entropy for multi-class classification and mean-squared error for regression of knee joints. This multi-objective convolutional learning improves the overall quantification with an added benefit of providing simultaneous multi-class classification and regression outputs.