In recent years, success of deep learning methods, in particular, convolutional neural network (CNN), has urged rapid development in various computer vision applications such as image classification, object detection, and super-resolution. Along with the drastic advances in ND computer vision, understanding ND shapes and environment have also attracted great attention. Many traditional CNNs on ND data simply extend the ND convolutional operations to ND, for example, the work of Wu et al. _cite_ which extends ND deep belief network to ND deep belief network, or the works of Maturana et al. _cite_ and Sedaghat et al. _cite_ where they extend ND convolutional kernels to ND convolutional kernels. Furthermore, Brock et al. _cite_ and Wu _cite_ proposed to build deeper ND CNNs following the structures from inception-module, residual connections, and Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to improve the generalization capability. However, these methods are based on ND convolutions, thereby having high computational complexity and GPU memory consumption. An alternate approach is based on projected ND views of the ND object to exploit established ND CNN architectures. MVCNN _cite_ renders multiple ND views of a ND object and use them as an input to ND CNNs. Some other works _cite_ propose to use the ND panoramic views of a ND shape. However, these methods can only observe partial parts of the ND object, failing to cover full ND surfaces. To address all these limitations, we introduce a novel ND shape representation technique using stereographic mapping to project the full surfaces of a ND object onto a ND planar image. This ND stereographic image becomes an input to our proposed shallow ND CNN, thereby reducing substantial amount of network parameters and GPU memory consumption compared to the state-of-the-art ND convolution-based methods, while achieving high accuracy. By taking advantage of multiple projected views generated from a single ND shape, we propose {\em view ensemble} to combine predictions of most discriminative views, which are sampled by our view selection network. On the contrary, Conventional methods _cite_ simply aggregate the responses of all multiple views via max or average pooling.