series data can be acquired through sensor-based monitoring. In the past few years, there have been increased interests to detect useful events out of various time series datasets for different applications. Among all these problems, seismic monitoring to detect the Earthquake has attracted many interests~ . In this study, we develop a novel event detection method and further employ our method to seismic time series datasets. Machine learning methods have been successful in object detection to identify patterns. There have been many existing machine learning methods to detect events out of time series datasets in various applications such as epileptic seizure detection from EEG signals and change detection from remotely sensed imagery datasets. Depending on the availability of labeled datasets, all these event detection methods for time series date sets can be categorized into supervised~ and unsupervised methods~ . Our study belongs to the supervised category, since we acquire labels for training and evaluation with the help of experts. As for those supervised methods, they are all point-wised detection methods meaning they classify data point at each time stamp. Point-wised detection methods can be limited in their detection performance. In particular, those methods can neither accurately localize events nor obtain the number of events. In this study, inspired by the object detection in ND imagery, we develop a novel event-wised detection method to capture each complete event. In other words, our detection methods capture the beginning and end coordinates to localize each event from the time series datasets. Convolutional neural network~ (CNN) has achieved promising results in computer vision, image analysis, and many other domains due to the significantly improved computational power~ (_cite_) . The State-of-the-Art CNN-based object detection models for ND imagery mainly consists of two steps~: a step to generate the region proposals and a step to identify and localize the events within proposals. Specifically, segments of the input data that may include targeting patterns are first used to generate region proposals. A classifier is then employed on each proposal to detect targeting patterns, and a regressor is utilized to localize events within positive proposals. The original proposal generation method for CNN-based detection models is developed in two region-based CNN models, known as R-CNN~ and Fast R-CNN~, where fixed methods are used to obtain proposals. Faster-RCNN~ improves previous models by building region proposal networks~ (RPN) on top of the final feature map of CNN backbone. Compared with and, the Faster-RCNN eliminates the additional time spent on proposal generation. To determine whether a proposal is positive or negative, introduces anchor to denote the region on the input data that a proposal covers. A proposal is considered positive if its corresponding anchor overlaps the ground-truth above a threshold. In this study, we develop a novel deep neural network detection method for time series datasets. Similar to previous ND detection models, our model also consists of two steps: proposal generation and event localization. However, a direct adaptation of ND methods to generate the region proposals does not work well with our ND seismic time series datasets because the duration of seismic events varies significantly. Therefore, we develop a novel region proposal method to address this issue. In particular, we develop a cascaded network that generates proposals at different by including more downsampling layers than regular networks do. Theoretically, events of small size can be captured at shallow layers. As the network becomes deeper, events of large size can be captured due to the increasing size of the receptive field. We add detection branches on feature maps at different depth. Features are critical to the performance of our detection model. Since the classifier and regressor in the second step share the same feature vector obtained from CNN, enriching features for proposals will boost the detection rate and localization accuracy. Another novelty of our work is the incorporation of contextual information for each individual proposal. Although the importance of contextual information has been emphasized for imagery segmentation~, there is surprisingly few detection model taking into account contextual information on proposal level. As for our time series seismic signals, proposals are temporally correlated. Utilizing each proposal individually generates many false-positive detections. This is because these proposals may be part of some large events, and our detection method should be able to distinguish those small signal segments from large events. Considering this, we enrich features of each proposal by incorporating contextual information. Because of the cascaded structure, the number of parameters in our model may significantly increase. To obtain a better generalization performance, we build our model based on densely connected network (DenseNet) ~ . The core idea of DenseNet is to reuse features learned from shallow layers, which enables to maintain a reasonable number of parameters even if the network becomes substantially deep. Another strategy we use to address overfitting is to share the parameters of the sibling detector and regressor. This is reasonable since we are interested in capturing specific patterns regardless of their sizes. Another challenge of our event detection problem is that it is impractical for domain experts to annotate all events because the pattern of seismic events is not as obvious as the one in image objects. Those omitted events may bias the classifier for proposals. To alleviate the impact of mis-labeled positive events, we further formulate the proposal classification as a learning-from-noise problem. Inspired by, we use a label-dependent loss function for the classifier. We test our detection models on seismic time series data and compare the experiment results obtained using the proposed cascaded contextual region-based CNN (CC-RCNN) and the traditional template matching method. We also conduct ablation experiments to verify the effect of the multi-scale architecture and the incorporation of contextual information. The experiment results demonstrate that our deep-learning-based model significantly outperform the template matching method, and the incorporation of contextual information for each individual proposal not only reduces false-positive detections, but also significantly increases the event localization accuracy. Also the utilization of label-dependent loss further boosts the performance of our detection models. To summarize, our contributions can be listed as follow: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ briefly reviews related works on event detection and object detection. Section~ _ref_ gives background knowledge about our method. The proposed method is elaborated in Section~ _ref_ . Implementation details of the proposed methods and counterpart methods are described in Section~ _ref_ . Experiment results are provided in Section~ _ref_ . Section~ _ref_ concludes this paper.