Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) has a significant role to play in helping autonomous robots to navigate their way around an uncertain environment and this has many widespread implications in various industries. For instance, drones can be programmed to find their way in a logistics warehouse without prior knowledge of the space, in order to retrieve information of a particular package. The fact that this can be performed using a single camera expands the realm of possibilities SLAM can have with a low-cost approach that is quickly gaining traction. In order to implement SLAM, depth maps will need to be created based on images recorded on the camera so that accurate tracking of the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) can be achieved. Currently deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are popularly used in depth prediction with monocular camera systems due to the high accuracy which can be achieved in the image recognition space. Lower-level neurons send information about the objects in an image to higher-level neuron, where they perform further convolutions to identify these objects using features present in the image. However CNNs have a severe limitation whereby they are only able to register if the objects exist in the image; they do not encode the orientation and position of objects. This issue had been mentioned by Geoffrey Hinton, one of the founding fathers of deep learning, and he has proposed an alternative deep neural network which can address this drawback. Capsule Networks (CapsNets) consist of capsules, or a group of neurons, to identify patterns in an image at the lower-level layers. This information comes in the form of high-dimensional vectors containing probabilities of the orientation and positions of patterns residing in the image, which is then received by higher-level capsules. The higher-level capsules process this information from several lower-level capsules and subsequently outputs a prediction. As the CapsNet has achieved a greater accuracy than the CNN on widely-available datasets like MNIST, we hope to attain a similar performance by applying the CapsNet with our SLAM method.