The quantitative measurement of the spine (i.e., multiple indices estimation of heights, widths, areas, and so on for the vertebral body and disc) plays a significant role in clinical spinal disease diagnoses, such as osteoporosis, intervertebral disc degeneration, and lumbar disc herniation. Specifically, the vertebral body height (VBH) and intervertebral disc height (IDH) (as shown in Fig. _ref_) are the most valuable indices for the quantitative measurement of the spine. The VBHs are correlated with the bone strength, which is of great significance to the vertebral fracture risk assessment for the osteoporotic patients _cite_ . Furthermore, the IDH reduction is associated with the intervertebral disc degeneration _cite_ and lumbar disc herniation _cite_ . Automated quantitative measurement of the spine is of significant clinical importance because it is reliable, time-saving, reproducible, and has higher consistency compared with manual quantitative measurement, which is usually obtained by manually detecting landmarks of the intervertebral disc (ID) and vertebral body (VB) from MR image _cite_ . Direct automated quantitative measurement of the spine is an exceedingly intractable task due to the following challenges: N) The high dimensionality of estimated indices (as shown in Fig. _ref_ (a)), which leads to difficulty in expressive feature embedding for such complex regression problem. N) The excessive ambiguity of the boundary between VB and ID for abnormal spine (as shown in Fig. _ref_ (d)), which increases intractability of expressive feature embedding. N) Implicit correlations between different estimated indices (as shown in Fig. _ref_ (d), the heights of the abnormal disc and the heights of adjacent VB are correlated because disc abnormality leads to simultaneous changes of IDH and the adjacent VBH), which is difficult to be captured. N) Insufficient labelled data (as shown in Fig. _ref_ (d)), which possibly results in overfitting. In recent years, an increasing number of approaches emerged in the direct quantitative measurement of other organs (e.g., heart) _cite_ . Although these methods achieved promising performance in the quantification of the cardiac image, they are incapable of achieving quantitative measurement of the spine because they suffer from the following limitations. N) Lack of expressive feature representation. Traditional convolutional neural network (CNN) _cite_ is incapable of generating an expressive feature for multiple indices estimation because CNN possibly loses effective feature due to the lack of an explicit structure for feature reuse. N) Incapability of learning the estimated indices distribution, which will lead to unreasonable estimation and overfitting. In this study, we propose a cascade amplifier regression network (CARN), which includes the CARN architecture and local shape-constrained manifold regularization (LSCMR) loss function, for quantitative measurement of the spine from MR images. The CARN architecture is comprised of a cascade amplifier network (CAN) for expressive feature embedding and a linear regression model for multiple indices estimation. In CAN, amplifier unit (AU) is used for selective feature reuse between adjacent layers. As shown in Fig. _ref_ (b), the effective feature of the anterior layer is stimulated while the redundant feature is suppressed, thus generating the selected feature, which is reused in posterior layer by a concatenation operator. CAN reuses multi-level features selectively for representing complex spine, thus an expressive feature embedding is obtained. During training, the high dimensional indices can be embedded in a low dimensional manifold due to the correlations between these indices. LSCMR is employed to restrict the output of the CARN to the target output manifold. As a result, the distribution of the estimated indices is close to the real distribution, which reduces the impact of outliers and alleviates overfitting. Combining the expressive feature embedding produced by CAN with LSCMR, a simple linear regression model, i.e., fully connected network, is sufficient to produce accurate estimation results. The main contributions of the study are three-fold. N) To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time to achieve automated quantitative measurement of the spine, which will provide a more reliable metric for the clinical diagnosis of spinal diseases. N) The proposed CAN provides an expressive feature map for automated quantitative measurement of the spine. N) Overfitting is alleviated by LSCMR, which utilizes the local shape of the target output manifold to restrict the estimated indices to being close to the manifold, thus a realistic estimation of indices is obtained.