CT is a three-dimensional cross-sectional imaging method based on an X-ray machine. It tries to display the internal structure of an object with the rays it sends from different angles. An image from the capture moment of the tomography device is presented in Figure _ref_ . In years of development, the CT scans have become faster and have started to generate higher resolution images. In this way, the diagnosis and treatment of the doctors started to produce more efficient results. The need for accurate and consistent analysis of high resolution and multiple sections of tomography images, which is the output of modern tomography devices, increases. Computer Aided Diagnostic (CAD) systems are produced to meet this analysis need. Deep Learning is an artificial neural network algorithm that simulates the functioning of the human brain in the processing of data and creates models for decision making. In this method, the decision model is created by training and verification phases. The amount of data used in these phases, cleaning and distribution according to a statistical model are important parameters for the accuracy of the model to be formed. CNNs are artificial networks that are often formed from image patterns and are a special study area of deep learning. IPF which is a type of Interstitial Lung Disease (ILD), is a progressive lung disease that hardens the lungs and makes the patient increasingly breathing difficult. Fibrosis is seen as scar tissue or a hard collagen surrounding the alveoli. The diagnosis is made based on the typical pattern of lung tomography, which is called as honeycombing region. Also, the typical pattern of the early period of lung fibrosis is called as ground-glass region. Tomography images of the honeycombing and ground-glass regions are presented in Figure _ref_ . Due to the high number of sections, small areas or difficult to diagnose, the detection of specific areas of IPF disease on tomography images and the process-related follow-up of disease progression have become a difficult task for field experts. CT images were processed by image processing methods. Mean Hounsfield Unit (HU) value of all lungs _cite_, density histogram analysis _cite_, density mask technique _cite_, _cite_ and tissue classification methods _cite_ were used for the characterization of IPF disease. These studies show the tight correlation between HU values and IPF and the patterns of tissue obtained from CT images are can be successfully used in prediction by its differentiation ability. This project provides a digital system for the detection of the honeycombing and ground-glass pattern by computer, which play a decisive role in the diagnosis of IPF disease on CT images. It is also a CAD project that helps the doctors and radiologists in the diagnosis and follow-up of IPF disease. Unfortunately there are no previous studies to benchmark the algorithms used in the prediction of the regions of disease. The next chapters of this article are organized as follows: In the second chapter, the characteristics of the dataset, lung segmentation, the cutting of the lung images and the deep learning model which are the main topics of the system design are mentioned. In the third chapter, the details of the experimental results are explained and in the last section, the results obtained from this study are summarized and future studies are mentioned.