Time-spatial data consists of spatial and temporal contextual information, which is a complicated type of data set. Nowadays, with the development of technique, it is becoming more and more convenient to collect such data with detailed day and time information than it was ever before _cite_ . Taking mobility data as an example which represents the objects movement in real time with recorded the geographical information _cite_, this type of data can be collected using Global Positioning System (GPS), sensors or tracking systems. The information embed from those data such as behavior pattern can be also implied in urban development, traffic transportation, and big event management. Therefore the understanding of this particular part of data is essential. To obtain meaningful results from those data, this paper proposes a methodology that utilizes neural network together with other visualization approaches. The framework of our method is shown as Figure _ref_ . There are three majority parts. Firstly, this approach utilizes the relational database combined with dynamic non-relational database as back-end. Temporal database will be generated once user requests from the relational database. The second part is features extraction algorithm. We propose two approaches prediction and clustering. For clustering, SOM will be applied to cluster visiting pattern in order to group the visitors and find the abnormal groups that can be further suspected as crime or others. Moreover, the inspections will be put on such abnormal clusters. Regarding prediction, LSTM network is utilized to predict upcoming locations that travelers would like to go in next time-stamp. Eventually, the extracted information such as clustering and prediction result will be displayed using graphics and multi-media techniques including ND time-spatial cube, ND heat map, relational map and animation to users. Such displays will help users understand behavior pattern of moving objects better. Using our approach, we participated in the public challenges that Visual Analytics Science and Technology Challenge N (VAST N) as well as assist a mobile company in China for their promotion activity. In terms of commercial based visualization such as mobile users promotion _cite_, we used this method to obtain user behavior pattern. Based on those information, we can provide our suggestions to the company manger. On the other hand, we take traffic visualization and prediction in VAST N to research how movement of vehicles affect wildlife via understanding their pattern by conducting the pipeline of visual analytics. Consequently, we provide suggestions to a Chinese mobile company for user promotion and successfully predict the affect of vehicles to wildlife in a nature preserve. Overall contributions can be summarized as: