Cardiac cine Magnetic Resonance (MR) Imaging is primarily used for assessment of cardiac function and diagnosis of Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) . Estimation of clinical parameters such as ejection fraction, ventricular volumes, stroke volume and myocardial mass from cardiac MRI is considered as gold standard. Delineating important organs and structures from volumetric medical images, such as MR and computed tomography (CT) images, is usually considered as the primary step for estimating clinical parameters, disease diagnosis, prediction of prognosis and surgical planning. In a clinical setup, a radiologist delineates the region of interest from the surrounding tissues/ organs by manually drawing contours encompassing the structure of interest. However, this approach becomes infeasible in a hospital with high footprint as it is time-consuming, tedious and also introduces intra and inter-rater variability (_cite_) . Hence, a fully automatic method for segmentation and clinical diagnosis is desirable. Segmentation of Left Ventricular (LV) Endocardium and Epicardium as well as Right Ventricular (RV) Endocardium from ND-cine (ND + Time) MR datasets has received significant research attention over past few years and several grand challenges (_cite_) have been organized for advancing the state of art methods in (semi-) /automated cardiac segmentation. These challenges usually provide expert-ground truth contours and provide set of evaluation metrics to benchmark various approaches. In this paper, we present a novel ND Fully Convolutional Neural Network (FCN) architecture for medical image segmentation which is highly parameter and memory efficient. We also develop a fully automated framework which incorporates cardiac structures segmentation and cardiac disease diagnosis. Our contributions are summarized as follows: We achieved competitive segmentation results to state-of-the-art approaches in both the challenges, demonstrating the effectiveness and generalization capability of the proposed network architecture. Also, for the cardiac disease classification model, our approach gave _inline_eq_ \% accuracy on the ACDC testing dataset. A preliminary version of this work was presented at STACOM workshop held in conjunction with Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions (MICCAI-N) . In this paper, we have substantially improved the network architecture and methodology used for cardiac disease classification. The main modifications include elaborating proposed methods, analyzing underlying network connectivity pattern, loss function and adding experiments on LV-N challenge datasets. Since, our work is primarily based on CNNs, we focus on the recently published CNN-based algorithms for cardiac segmentation and also provide a comprehensive literature review on the other approaches. _cite_ provide a comprehensive survey on cardiac segmentation using semi-automated and fully automated approaches. These approaches can be broadly classified as techniques based on: In the field of medical image analysis, considerable amount of work has been done in the lines of automating segmentation of various anatomical structures, detection and delineation of lesions and tumors. Non-learning based algorithms such as statistical shape modeling, level sets, active contours, multi-atlas and graphical models have shown promising results on limited dataset, but they usually tend to perform poorly on data originating from a database outside the training data. Some of these techniques heavily relied on engineering hand-crafted features and hence required domain knowledge and expert inputs. Moreover, hand-crafted features have limited representational ability to deal with the large variations in appearance and shapes of anatomical organs. In order to overcome this limitations, learning based methods have been explored to seek more powerful features. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) which were first invented by _cite_ is currently the technique that produces state of the art results for a variety of computer vision and pattern recognition tasks. Most common ones are image classification (_cite_) and semantic segmentation using fully convolutional networks (FCN) (_cite_) . In all these applications, CNNs have demonstrated greater representational and hierarchical learning ability. Recently in medical image analysis, FCN and its popular extensions like U-NET (_cite_) have achieved remarkable success in segmentation of various structures in heart (_cite_), brain lesions (_cite_), liver lesions (_cite_) from medical volumes. Also with availability of huge amounts of labeled data and increase in the computational capability of general purpose graphics processors units (GPUs), CNN based methods have the potential for application in daily clinical practice.