emission tomography (PET) has a wide range of clinical applications, such as cancer diagnosis, tumor detection _cite_ and early diagnosis of neuro diseases _cite_, for its ability of cellular level imaging and high specificity. In order to acquire high quality PET image for diagnostic purpose, a standard dose of radioactive tracer should be injected to the subject which will lead to higher risk of radiation exposure damage. Usually, a PET scan or the a scan of PET/MR and PET/CT can expose patients with even more ionizing radiation than a scan using CT along. To minimize such risk, the well-known principle of ALARA (as low as reasonably achievable) _cite_ is adopted in clinical practice. In addition, lowering injected dose in PET can also result in reduction of imaging costs, shorter imaging time and may improve imaging logistics when fast-decaying tracers are used. However, dose reduction will adversely affect PET image quality with lower Signal-to-Noise-Ratio (SNR), as shown in Fig. _ref_ . To address this problem, many algorithms were proposed to improve the image quality for low-dose PET image. In general, these algorithms can be categorized into three categories: (N) iterative reconstruction algorithm, (N) image filtering and post-processing, and (N) machine learning. Iterative reconstruction algorithms formulate the low-dose reconstruction problem as a convex optimization problem combining statistical model of the acquired data (i.e., sinogram or listmode) and the regularization term to suppress noise. Wang et al . _cite_ proposed an iterative algorithm using a Total Variation (TV) regularization to reduce the noise of synthetic emission phantom with different photon counts. Although Iterative reconstruction algorithms are potentially most accurate since they consider the raw count information directly, they also have three main weaknesses. First, the substantial computational expenses interacting with all the acquired data make most of this kind of methods time-consuming. Second, iterative methods are typically vendor-specific, since different scanners may adopt different geometric configurations, data formats (e.g., time-of-flight (TOF) _cite_ and depth-of-interaction (DOI) _cite_), and data correction procedures, which will significantly affect the raw data. Finally, in these methods, a predefined regularization term is need, which may leads to undesirable over-smoothing, artifacts or hallucinated textures. As for image processing methods, several general-purpose image denoising algorithms, such as nonlocal means (NLM) _cite_ and block-matching ND (BMND) _cite_, are introduced into PET image denoising _cite_ . Besides, Bagci et. al. _cite_ combined singular value thresholding method and Stein's unbiased risk estimate to denoise PET image. Based on the multi-scale Curvelet and Wavelet analysis, Pogam et. al. _cite_ proposed a method to denoise PET image while preserving image resolution and quantification. Another important category is the data-driven machine learning methods such as mapping-based sparse representation _cite_, semi-supervised tripled dictionary _cite_, and multi-level canonical correlation analysis _cite_ . Instead of denoise the low-dose PET image directly, machine learning methods utilize paired low-dose and standard-dose images to train models that can predicts standard-dose images from low-dose inputs. Recently, deep learning attracts a lot of attention in computer vision applications, yields much better results compared with traditional methods, and achieves human-level performance in some tasks such as image classification _cite_ and face verification _cite_ . Several key factors contribute to the success of deep learning methods: (N) acceleration of parallel computation due to modern powerful GPUs that make it possible to train models with large amount of parameters _cite_, (N) larger datasets are released boosting more open source research and training, e.g., ImageNet _cite_, and (N) new efficient neural network structures, e.g., convolution neural network (CNN) which utilizes weight sharing and local connection _cite_ . In addition, deep learning methods are also successfully applied to the category of low-level vision problems including image denoising _cite_, super resolution _cite_, and image restoration _cite_, etc., achieving state-of-the-art results. Although these methods mainly focus on natural image processing, several efforts have been made to apply these promising methods to medical image analysis. U-Net _cite_ is a fully convolutional network for medical image segmentation which consists of a contracting path and an expansive path to extract features at different resolution. To regain the lost resolution information, U-Net also employs skip connection to concatenate corresponding contracting and expansive steps. Inspired by U-Net, Han et al _cite_ proposed a multi-scale CNN to remove streaking artifacts in sparse-view CT images, using residual learning. WaveNet _cite_, which is also used for low-dose X-ray CT reconstruction, adopts a similar structure combined with multi-scale wavelet transformation as feature augmentation for input data. In the field of low-dose PET reconstruction, compared with low-dose CT reconstruction, there are few researches on low-dose PET image denoising that utilize deep learning methods. Xiang et al . _cite_ proposed a deep learning method to predict standard-dose PET images from low-dose PET images and corresponding MR TN images with an auto-context convolution network which tries to refine the prediction results step by step. In terms of dose reduction factor (DRF), methods in _cite_ are used to denoising standard-dose images (DRF = N) while methods in _cite_ try to reconstruct standard-dose images from quarter-dose images (DRF = N) . However, to the best of our knowledge, there is no work that reconstructs low-dose PET images with higher DRF. In this paper, we propose a deep learning method to reconstruct standard-dose PET images from ultra-low-dose images (N \% reduction or DRF = N), using a fully convolutional encoder-decoder residual deep network model. To our best knowledge, this is the first time a deep learning method is proposed and demonstrated for enabling ultra-low-dose PET reconstruction at such a high reduction factor and with in-vivo PET datasets.