Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is an invaluable technique for clinical medical imaging in that it provides non-invasive, reproducible and quantitative measurements of tissue structural, anatomical and functional information. Despite its unique flexibility for imaging different tissue types and organs of the human body (because the sensitivity of the image to tissue characteristics can be extensively tuned), prolonged acquisition times limit its usage due to expensive cost and considerations of patient comfort and compliance _cite_ . MRI is associated with an inherently slow acquisition speed that is due to data samples not being collected directly in the image space but rather in k-space, which contains spatial-frequency information. Here k-space and the image space are inversely related: resolution in one domain determines extent in the other. The raw data samples are acquired sequentially in k-space and the speed at which k-space can be traversed is limited by physiological and hardware constraints _cite_ . Once the desired field-of-view and spatial resolution of the MRI images are prescribed, the k-space raw data we need to acquire is conventionally determined by the Nyquist–Shannon sampling criteria _cite_ . One possible fast MRI approach is to undersample k-space, to which can provide an acceleration rate proportional to the undersampling ratio. However, this undersampling in k-space would violate the Nyquist–Shannon sampling criteria, and thus generates aliasing artefacts once the images have been reconstructed. Therefore, the main challenge for fast MRI is to find an algorithm that can reconstruct an uncorrupted or de-aliased image from the undersampled k-space. The mathematical framework of Compressive Sensing (CS) has been intensively investigated from about a decade ago _cite_, and was almost immediately considered for fast MRI applications due to the inherent suitability of the MRI data. Firstly, in general, the medical imagery acquired by MRI is naturally compressible. CS utilises the implicit sparsity of MRI images to reconstruct accelerated acquisitions _cite_ . Here the term `sparsity' describes a matrix of image pixels or raw data points, which is predominately zero valued or namely compressible. Such sparseness may exist either in the image domain or more commonly via a suitable mathematical representation in a transform domain of the images due to redundancy in a single image or over a series of related images. Using this property, CS allows accurate reconstruction from undersampled raw data, with the proviso that the sampling pattern is `random' to create incoherent undersampling artefacts that a proper `nonlinear reconstruction' can be applied to suppress noise-like artefacts without degrading image quality of the reconstruction _cite_ . Secondly, the MRI scanners acquire raw data samples in spatial-frequency encoded k-space. This allows aforementioned random undersampling to be implemented on the scanner, and the fast MRI can be achieved by acquiring less data in the first place, although this violates the requirements of the Nyquist–Shannon sampling criteria. Sparse regularisation, which is a key component for successful fast CS based MRI (CS-MRI), can be explored in a specific transform domain or generally in a dictionary-based subspace _cite_ . Classic fast CS-MRI used predefined and fixed sparsifying transforms, e.g., total variation (TV) _cite_, discrete cosine transforms _cite_ and discrete wavelet transforms _cite_ . In addition, this has been extended to more flexible sparse representation learnt directly from data using dictionary learning _cite_ . Despite the promise of using fast CS-MRI, most routine clinical MRI scannings are still based on standard Cartesian sequences or accelerated only using parallel imaging. The main challenges are: (N) it can be challenging to satisfy the incoherence criteria required by CS _cite_ ; (N) the sparsifying transforms used in current CS methods might be too simple to capture complex image details associated with subtle differences of the biological tissues, e.g., TV based sparsifying transform can introduce staircase artefacts in the reconstructed image _cite_ ; (N) nonlinear optimisation solvers usually involve iterative computing and updating that may result in relatively long reconstruction time _cite_ ; (N) inappropriate hyper-parameters predicted in current CS methods can cause over-regularisation that will yield overly smooth and unnatural looking reconstructions or images with residual undersampling artefacts _cite_ and (N) the acceleration rate is still limited (N _inline_eq_ to N _inline_eq_ acceleration) . Recently, deep learning has been widely and successfully applied in many computer vision problems. Essentially, CS-MRI reconstruction is solving a generalised inverse problem that is analogous to image super-resolution (SR), de-noising and inpainting that have been well investigated in computer vision. Deep neural network architectures, especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs), are becoming the state-of-the-art technique for tackling such inverse problems, e.g., image SR _cite_, de-noising and inpainting _cite_ . Comprehensive reviews on classic CS methods and clinical applications can be found elsewhere _cite_, and here we briefly review the most relevant publications using deep learning models for the CS-MRI. It is of note that despite the popularity of deep learning in computer vision applications, there has only been preliminary research on deep learning based CS-MRI. From our literature search, we found only two formal publications on this topic _cite_, and the other three preprints on the arXiv _cite_ . In general these methods leveraged deep learning (e.g., CNNs) to derive an optimal mapping between the undersampled k-space (aliased reconstruction) and the desired uncorrupted image (de-aliased reconstruction) . This has been done in either a sequential manner with classic CS-MRI or in an integrated manner that considered the CNNs based training as an additional regularisation term _cite_ . The experimental results have shown some promise; however, the improvement was not significantly different from what classic CS-MRI can achieve although the reconstruction speed has been dramatically improved _cite_ . Moreover, only up to N _inline_eq_ acceleration could be achieved by these methods _cite_ . In this study, we proposed a novel conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) based deep learning architecture for fast CS-MRI. Our main contributions are: (N) we used the U-Net architecture _cite_ with skip connections to achieve better reconstruction details; (N) for more realistic reconstruction, we proposed to combine the adversarial loss with a novel content loss considering both pixel-wise mean square error (MSE) and perceptual loss defined by pretrained VGG networks and (N) we proposed a refinement learning for training the generator that can stabilise the training with fast convergence and less parameter tuning. Compared to other state-of-the-art CS-MRI methods, we can achieve up to N _inline_eq_ acceleration with superior results and faster processing time using the GPU.