The highly challenging task of estimating a high-resolution (HR) image from its low-resolution (LR) counterpart is referred to as super-resolution (SR) . SR, particularly single image SR, has received substantial attention within the computer vision research community, and has been widely used in applications ranging from HDTV, surveillance imaging to medical imaging. The difficulty of SR is to reconstruct high-frequency details from an input image with only low-frequency information. In other words, it is to revert the non-revertible process of low-pass filter and downsampling that produces LR images. Recent literatures have witnessed promising progress of SR using convolutional neural networks~ _cite_ . However, inefficiency and high model size are big issues in deep neural networks, because of over-parametrization. To address these issues in deep neural networks, recently neural network quantization, e.g., using binary weights and operations~ _cite_, is proposed for semantic-level tasks like classification and recognition. Binarized values have huge advantages from an efficiency perspective, since multiplications can be eliminated, and bit-wise operations can be used to further reduce computational cost. Nevertheless, little effort of neural network quantization has been spent on image enhancement tasks like SR, as it was assumed to sacrifice the desired pixel-level accuracy for those tasks. In this work, we explore a network binarization approach for SR methods. To our best knowledge it is the first work to explore neural network binarization for image SR task. We show that simply binarizing the whole SR network does not generate satisfactory results. Therefore, we propose a binarization strategy for SR task, by (N) applying binarization only to residual blocks, and (N) using learnable weights to binarize convolutional filters. We apply this strategy to a few state-of-the-art SR neural networks to verify its effectiveness. The experimental results show that the binarized SR network perform similarly to the real-weight network without sacrificing much image quality, but with significant model size and computational load saving, making it possible to apply state-of-the-art SR algorithms in mobile device applications, video streaming, and Internet-of-Things (IoT) edge-device processing.