Segmentation of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) volume into its basic cytoarchitectural tissue classes is useful for clinicians in the treatment of neurological disorders such as epilepsy, schizohprenia, Alzheimer's, and dementia. Neurologists observe tissue abnormalities of cortical thickening, shrinkage and ventricle expansion for diagnosis and hence, accurate segmentation is crucial for correct diagnosis. Manual segmentation by experts is time consuming, prone to human errors, and impractical for large studies. Hence, development of accurate methods for automated brain tissue segmentation is an active research area. Automated brain tissue segmentation has primarily three challenges. Firstly, there are large variations in brain's anatomical structures by phenotype such as age, gender, race, and disease. This leads to difficulty in generalizing one specific segmentation method for all phenotypic categories. Secondly, challenges are associated with the cytoarchitectural variations such as gyral folds, sulci depths, thin tissue structures, and smooth boundaries between different tissues. This leads to confusion in categorical labeling into distinct tissue classes and is challenging even for a human expert. Lastly, the imaging technology has its own limitations with reference to bias effects of scanner and, signal-to-noise ratio and motion artifacts in the captured MRI images. Intensity based thresholding _cite_, statistical methods _cite_, mean-shift _cite_, adaptive mean-shift _cite_ and fuzzy _inline_eq_-means clustering _cite_ are some of the commonly used brain tissue segmentation methods. Of these, intensity thresholding methods perform poorly in low contrast images and at the overlapping boundaries of GM and WM. Statistical methods learn the distribution of the training data and train the parameters accordingly. These may give poor results in the presence of multiplicative bias field _cite_ . Mean shift methods estimate mode of the feature vector distribution. However, inappropriate settings of kernel parameters may lead to under or over-segmentation _cite_ . The problem can be solved by adaptive mean shift methods _cite_ . Mahmood et al. _cite_ used Adaptive Mean Shift (AMS) and fuzzy _inline_eq_-means and achieved state-of-the-art performance on the IBSR-N dataset _cite_ . Currently, with the success of deep learning (DL) methods in different application areas, these techniques are being applied to brain segmentation task as well. Here, researchers have explored both ND and ND local neighborhood based methods for the brain tissue segmentation task _cite_ . VoxResNet, Parallel Multi-dimensional Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), multidimensional gated recurrent unit (GRU) are different variants of deep neural networks that have reported state-of-the-art performance on MICCAI MRBrainS challenge dataset _cite_ . VoxResNet is so far the deepest ND convolutional network containing _inline_eq_ volumetric convolutional layers and _inline_eq_ deconvolutional layers. It incorporates ND information, but given the scarcity of dataset in medical imaging, training a huge network from scratch is a challenging task. The state-of-the-art brain segmentation DL architectures employ ND models that are computationally heavy and require learning a large number of parameters. This requires a large number of annotated training sample images, while medical imaging data, in general, is limited. This work is motivated towards developing a computationally efficient DL technique that works on limited training data and performs brain image segmentation task with reasonably good performance. In this context, we explore SegNet and U-Net architectures which are stated to require much lesser training data _cite_ . SegNet is a well known architecture in computer vision for semantic segmentation _cite_, but has not been used much so far for the brain MRI segmentation task. It passes pooling indices to the upsampling layers and hence, requires much fewer parameters and is faster to train. U-Net uses multiscale information via skip connections and captures both coarse level and fine level information at the deconvolutional layers _cite_ . However, because of learnable upsampling, U-Net has much larger parameters to learn and is comparatively slower to train than SegNet. On the other hand, SegNet does not capture multiscale information as effectively as the U-Net. We see the complimentary strengths in the two models and explore a combination of the two in this paper. In this paper, we propose a hybrid architecture of SegNet and U-Net, namely U-SegNet, that captures best of both the models by using SegNet architecture as the base, but with skip connection at selected deconvolutional layer providing multiscale information for better performance. The model has faster convergence because pooling indices are passed to the deconvolutional layers. An MRI volume is a ND data and one can possibly use each volume as a separate sample input. However, these leads to severe reduction in the number of training samples. At the other extreme, researchers have also explored using each slice of the volume as a separate sample. However, this does not exploit the ND structure in the task. We make a compromise between the two and propose to use N slices of the volume as input to segment the middle slice. We further observe that giving a full slice (or N slices) is detrimental to the performance of the neural network. The large size of the slice increase the number of parameters and makes it harder for the network to effectively learn the parameters. Further, using larger neighborhoods does not necessarily add to the information required for the accurate segmentation. We, thus, propose a segmentation architecture which works on a smaller patch of _inline_eq_ which benefits us in two ways. Firstly, as described above, it reduces the parameters and allows the network to focus on the useful information. Secondly, it allows us to run the model over an image in a sliding window style. This gives multiple output label for each pixel, which we combine by averaging to generate the final label. This is similar to model averaging, shown to be effective my multiple other researchers in their problems, and helps us also in the segmentation task.