The brain is the central processing unit of our body which maintains order and controls the actions of all the organs. Naturally, brain also communicates between its own subdivisions (active regions) for which it uses neuronal connections (termed as neuronal fibers), which consist of dendrites and axons. The dendrites serve as the receivers in a neuron and axons in any neuron are responsible for transmission of signals to other neurons. Typically a brain consist of several billions of such neurons constantly receiving and transmitting signals between themselves, forming a very complex network that commands our day to day activities. The brain fibers are broadly divided into two classes, namely the grey and white fibers as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The white fibers mainly consist of axons that connect various parts of grey matter while the gray matter contains cell bodies, dendrites and axons as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The white matter can be further classified into eight clusters-Arcute, Cingulum, Corticospinal, Forceps Major, Fornix, Inferior Occipitofrontal Fasciculus, Superior Longitudinal Fasciculus and Uncinate. These are basically bundles or clusters of fibers called neural tracts that form the pathways between different hemispheres and brain regions as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The brain fiber tractography data can be extracted from NT Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data using diffusion tensor imaging which is a non-invasive MRI technique. In this technique diffusion has been considered as the molecular fluid spread and its extent depends on the diffusive property of the medium as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . In brain white matter, a tissue consists of bundles of myelination axons. Crucially, it is more hindered across than along such bundles. Hence, by measuring diffusion along many directions and observing that it is faster in one direction than in others, one can deduce the direction of fiber bundles~ _cite_ . The process known as tractography, helps in visualizing the fiber structure in three dimensions using Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . One such example has been shown in Fig.~ _ref_, where on the top-right each fiber is coloured randomly, for better visualization. The eight major fiber clusters are shown in bottom right, while the grey matter fibers are shown in bottom-left. Any fiber can be represented as a set of points in ND space (typically N to N points per fiber) . Tractography produces thousands of fiber trajectories per subject (around NK) . Finally, obtained data can be seen as a ND point cloud that does not convey anything useful. In order to extract any useful information the fibers must have to be organized into anatomically meaningful structure. DTI may improve preservation of eloquent regions during surgery by providing access to direct connectivity information between functional regions of the brain, and it has progressively been incorporated into strategic planning for resection of complex brain lesions~ _cite_ . Designing brain tractography segmentation network (BrainSegNet): Given tractography data of human brain, we have designed a moderately deep recurrent neural network that can automatically segment brain fibers into tracts having ``similar'' fibers which are anatomically meaningful. Medically it is also believed that at coarser level there are two classes grey and white matter (Macro Level) and further in white matter their are eight cluster/tracts (Micro Level) and . Classification of these brain fibers provides a better understanding of the brain structure and also can be very helpful for planning brain tumor surgeries and other medical tasks involving the alterations/cutting of brain fibers. Also a much more detailed and systematic analysis can be planned over the brains suffering from many complex disease like Parkinson and Alzheimer, for which still not much is unraveled. The manual segmentation of various brain fiber is a very tedious task as the data available is enormous and a great amount of expertise is required. Therefore, an automated classification of these fibers into their respective anatomically meaningful clusters, is medically very important and a challenging problem. The BrainSegNet model proposed in this paper, uses labeled DTI data for learning the features required to classify the individual brain fibers. It has been observed that the inter tract fibers follow different routes or paths from one part of the brain to another and paths are often non-linear. While fibers from the same class usually connect ``similar'' parts of brains and follow similar routes. One important feature we have used in this work is that we first extract a fixed fraction of points having the highest curvature and then use a network consisting of multiple LSTM layers and one bilateral LSTM layer at the beginning so as to funnel out the information from the gradients in both the positive as well as the negative network propagation direction. A two level hierarchical classification has been performed. One at the ``Micro'' level, in which we classify eight primary classes of the white matter (WM) and another at ``Macro'' level, in which binary classification between two classes white matter (WM) and grey matter (GM) tracts. Any test fiber is classified into one of the classes by comparing a proximity based on the learned high-curvature-point based BrainSegNet model. An entirely new model (BrainSegNet) has been formulated using bilateral LSTMs and LSTMs, which is in accordance with the theory of curvature points specifying the routes being the distinctive factors. The trained model when tested, surpassed the previous state of the art results. Although the problem of brain fiber classification is quite a recent development, still several unsupervised techniques have already been suggested ~ _cite_, ~ _cite_ along with few supervised approaches. Majorly the unsupervised approaches manually select the Region of Interest (ROI) and then group the fibers through these ROIs. In~ _cite_, authors used spectral clustering to generate a white matter atlas automatically. The similarity is calculated between fibers using Hausdorff distance, and the clustering is employed in embedded space, that is formed using the Eigen-vectors of the distance matrix. In~ _cite_, hierarchical Dirichlet process has been used to determine the number of clusters. Another supervised approach presented in~ _cite_, selects few major points having maximum curvature and fed them to a clustering algorithm which takes into account the position and the curvature values while classifying.