Identification plays a vital role in handling, breeding, and trading horses. Still in use persists the word-based and graphical description of a horse, which is obviously prone to errors and subjectivity. Until very recently, popular methods of identifying horses included applying burnt or frozen marks on the skin--which can be considered harmful, invasive, and animal hostile. Tattoos placed on the inside of the upper lip are also widely in use. As of today, the most popular methods incorporate electronic tagging, with wireless RFID transponders being implanted deeply into the neck muscles on the left side. The device is identified with a numerical code consisting of N digits. The horse is also given a unique, also comprising N digits containing vital information. These data are also placed in the animal's passport required for trading. In cases of pure breed horses, a lot of attention is given to confirming the genetic origin of a horse. This is possible thanks to genetic tests, which are also reported in the passport. Despite the availability of this document for each horse, fast identification usually involves reading the RFID transponder. This leaves possibility of falsification, as the RFID tag can be replaced-an achievement not easy and probably leaving a scar, yet certainly not impossible. Iris recognition, a biometric method of identification persons, utilizes rich individual features found in the texture of the iris. Uniqueness and low genotype dependence of these traits, combined with effective methodologies of extracting and comparing features enable accurate and fast identification of persons. A typical iris recognition system, such as the one proposed _cite_ and originally patented _cite_ by John Daugman, employs iris image segmentation with pupil and iris being approximated with circles, followed by a feature extraction based on bandpass filtering such as Gabor wavelets, output phase quantization and binary code creation, and finally comparison of the two codes using exclusive-OR (XOR) operation to produce a dissimilarity metric in a form of fractional Hamming distance from the range [N, N], with values close to zero expected for same-eye () comparisons, and values close to N expected for different-eye () comparisons. Periocular biometrics, on the other hand, employs features of the entire eye region, such as the location and shape of eye corners, eyelids, eyelashes, eyebrows, fragments of the nose, \etc. Compared with iris recognition, periocular recognition often requires less constrained image acquisition conditions, such as imaging in visible light, at-a-distance, or on-the-move. However, these methods are far less capable of delivering excellent recognition accuracy. Our contribution is thus to make use of both iris and periocular features for horse identification. Employing convolutional neural networks for this task seems like a natural approach, as they are capable of taking a whole, unprocessed image as an input and and predict a class label by hierarchical feature extraction and classification. To our knowledge, this is the first study to employ DCNNs for horse recognition. Also, a novel database is offered to interested researchers for non-commercial purposes. This paper is structured as follows. Section _ref_ discusses past work on animal identification using ocular biometrics and convolutional neural networks. Section _ref_ provides a description of the anatomy of equine eye. Database of equine eye images collected by the authors is detailed in Section _ref_ . Section _ref_ contains implementation details for the networks used for classification, with experiments and results reported on in Section _ref_ . Finally, Section _ref_ gives the conclusions, current limitations of this study, and future research plans.