the past few decades, face recognition has shown promising performance in numerous applications and under challenging conditions such as occlusion _cite_, variation in in pose, illumination, and expression _cite_ . While many face recognition systems have been developed for recognizing high quality face images in controlled conditions _cite_, there are a few studies focused on face recognition in real world applications such as surveillance systems with low resolution faces _cite_ . One important challenge in these applications is that high resolution (HR) probe images may not be available due to the large distance of the camera from the subject. Thus the performance of traditional face recognition systems which are developed for high quality images degrades considerably for these images with low resolution (LR) face regions _cite_ . These LR face images typically have a size smaller than _inline_eq_ pixels with an eye-to-eye distance about N pixels _cite_ . Here, we focus on addressing the problem of recognizing low resolution probe face images when a gallery of high quality images is available. There are three standard approaches to address this problem. N) down sampling the gallery images to the resolution of the probe images and then performing the recognition. However, this approach is suboptimal because the additional discriminating information available in the high resolution gallery images is lost. N) The second approach is to obtain higher resolution probe images from the low resolution images, which are then used for recognition. Most of these super-resolution techniques aim to reconstruct a good high resolution image in terms of visual quality and are not optimized for recognition performance _cite_ . Some of the well known methods of this category are _cite_ N) Finally, the third approach simultaneously transforms both the LR probe and the HR gallery images into a common space where the corresponding LR and HR images are the closest in distance; _cite_ are the well known methods of this approach. Fig. _ref_ summarizes the three general ways for low resolution face recognition (LR FR) problems. In this paper, we use the third approach and propose a method that employs deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) to find a common space between low resolution and high resolution pairs of face images. Despite previous works that used linear equation as objective function to find two projection matrices, our work finds a nonlinear transformation from LR and HR to common space. In our proposed method, the distance of transformed low and high resolution images in the common space is used as an objective function to train our deep convolutional neural networks. Our proposed method also reconstructs good HR face images which are optimum for the recognition task. We evaluated the effectiveness of the proposed approach on the FERET database _cite_ . Our results show the proposed approach improves the matching performance significantly as compared to other state-of-the-art methods in the low resolution face recognition and the improvement becomes more significant for very low resolution probe images. The main contributions of this study can be summarized as: In the following, we first review previous works presented in the domain of low resolution face recognition both super-resolution methods and coupled mapping methods in Section N. In Section N, we present our proposed method, network architecture and training procedure. Eventually, we present the experimental evaluation results in Section N and discussion and conclusion in Section N.