With ongoing developments in contact-less imaging sensors, the requirements for vein recognition have been sharply increasing. Besides being unique, the subcutaneous vein structures have the added advantage of lying underneath the skin surface. This makes visibility to the eyes or general purpose cameras difficult and hence, this limits the ease of spoofing if not averting it completely. Back in N _cite_, authors found uniqueness in blood vessel networks (under the skin) of the same person and dissimilarities among different individuals and concluded that vein pattern image can be acquired without direct contact with the hand. Also, it has been noted that much attention has been paid to the palm-vein and finger-vein modalities individually, but very few researchers attempted to address the problem of presentation attack for vascular technology _cite_ . However, much recent work has been focused on employing deep convolutional neural networks in various domains, and the field of biometrics is not an exception. In a very recent study _cite_, authors proposed a two-channel CNN network that has only three convolution layers for finger vein verification. The vein patterns either collected from dorsal or palmer side of the hand show good connected network and provide very vast textural information. The acquisition procedures are convenient and hygienic than other biometric traits. The major open issues in vein verification are the lack of robustness against outdoor illumination, image quality degradation, inconsistent ROI segmentation, and matching between obscure image regions. A few existing image transformation techniques (such as LBP _cite_, TCM _cite_, IRT _cite_ etc.) are well proposed in the literature that creates a useful representation of image data and helps to improve the matching task _cite_ . But no work has been proposed yet that encodes as well as match the image feature through deep learning models. Therefore, efforts have to be made to bridge the gap between deep learning and biometric recognition methods. To best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt in which a convolutional encoder-decoder network has been trained to learn the Texture Code Matrix (TCM) and Image Ray Transform (IRT) based encoding schemes to obtain the domain-specific deep features for palm vein. Major Contributions: The major contribution of this work has three folds. (i) An end-to-end deep-learning based vein recognition framework has been designed, which consists of a convolutional encoder-decoder network (CED) and a Siamese network. (ii) We have trained a convolutional deep encoder-decoder network with merged connections for learning the TCM transformation and then trained another similar encoder-decoder network for learning IRT transformation. In this way, we combine both learned transformation models and train an end-to-end CED model from the original image to final IRT transformed image. (iii) Next, a Siamese network has been trained using triplet loss along with hard-negative mining. This Siamese Network is then tested over transformed images obtained from the CED. Thus, the proposed deep learning based vein recognition framework is highly generalized for operating on either of palm vein (CASIA or PolyU or IITI) databases as shown in Figure _ref_ and Figure _ref_ .