It has been a long time since any well structured Bengali handwritten digits dataset have been open sourced for research purpose. Though there is many handwritten dataset for Arabic numerals like MNIST _cite_, French _cite_, Chinese _cite_, Urdu _cite_, a massive void was present in terms of Bengali handwritten digits dataset, let alone characters. Several attempts were made to accumulate such dataset like the one collected by Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) _cite_, but only a small amount was released for public access. Another such attempt was done by Center for Microprocessor Application for Training Education and Research (CMATER) group _cite_, but it was kept for internal research purposes only. In N, NumbtaDB _cite_ was released, which is the first of its kind, a well structured dataset for Bengali handwritten digits. Collected from multiple sources and open sourced for mass public use, the N, N + digits dataset is the largest such dataset for Bengali handwritten digits. Most surprising thing about the dataset was that all the cleaning, standardization and sorting was done by hand which occurred in a span of N months. The natural next step was to organize a competition with this large scale data to connect and bring out the best of the machine learning practitioners of the country. The Bengali.AI CV challenge commenced in the month of June. A grand total of N teams participated from N local and international institutions ranging from college and universities. The overall number of submissions was around N, peaking at N on the last week of the deadline. The challenge was hosted on Kaggle _cite_ which enabled the teams to use and exploit it's computing powers and subsystem for processing data and executing algorithms. Furthermore, the team could use the discussion forums for any queries or problems they had faced. The Kaggle kernels enabled both the veterans to teach the new machine learning practitioners and also made way for the participating teams to share their winning algorithms. Most of the algorithms tried to address not only the recognition of digits but also the orientation and style of how the digits were written. The data was sorted in such a way that it contained different natural settings which can easily confuse a hard coded algorithm while keeping it recognizable by humans. The challenge was to produce such sophisticated machine learning algorithms which will be at par with their human counterparts. And the winning solutions were successful to produce such models by training on large amount of heavily augmented and variable datasets. This competition is the first of a series of computer vision challenges hosted by Bengali.AI. The aim is to create a large artificial intelligence and machine learning community in Bangladesh similar to the community created by computer vision challenges like Imagenet _cite_, Pascal-VOC _cite_, MS-COCO _cite_ etc. which have become the cornerstone for participation and knowledge sharing in computer vision. Frequent challenges and competition will also pave the way for machine learning community in Bangladesh to grow and prosper and will motivate them to take part in international challenges.