Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the main cause of dementia in the elderly. It is symptomatically characterized by loss of memory and other intellectual abilities to such an extent that it affects daily life. Long before memory problems occur, microscopic changes related to cell death take place and slowly progress over time. Radiologically, neurodegeneration is the hallmark of AD, starting in the temporal lobe and then spreading all over the brain. However, since all brains from elderly people are affected by atrophy, it is a difficult task (even for experienced radiologists) to discriminate normal age-related atrophy from AD-mediated atrophy. In this context, machine learning models provide great potential to capture even slight tissue alterations. State-of-the-art models for image classification are convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which have recently been applied to medical imaging data for various use cases _cite_, including AD detection. The key idea behind CNNs is inspired by the mechanism of receptive fields in the primate visual cortex: Local convolutional filters and pooling operations are applied successively to extract regional information. In contrast to traditional machine learning-based approaches, CNNs do not rely on hand-crafted features but find meaningful representations of the input data during training. Although CNNs deliver good classification results, they are difficult to visualize and interpret. In medical decision making, however, it is critical to explain the behavior of a machine learning model and let medical experts verify the diagnosis. A number of visualization methods have been suggested that highlight regions in an input image with strong influence on the classification decision _cite_ . Such heatmaps constitute the basis for understanding and interpreting machine learning models, optimally together with clinicians. In this work, we compare four visualization methods (sensitivity analysis, guided backpropagation, occlusion and brain area occlusion) on a ND CNN, which was trained to classify structural MRI scans of the brain into AD patients and normal elderly controls (NCs) .