Over the recent years, Deep Learning (DL) _cite_ has had a tremendous impact on various fields in science. It has lead to significant improvements in speech recognition _cite_ and image recognition _cite_, it is able to train artificial agents that beat human players in Go _cite_ and ATARI games _cite_, and it creates artistic new images _cite_ and music _cite_ . Many of these tasks were considered to be impossible to be solved by computers before the advent of deep learning, even in science fiction literature. Obviously this technology is also highly relevant for medical imaging. Various introductions to the topic can be found in the literature ranging from short tutorials and reviews _cite_ over blog posts and jupyter notebooks _cite_ to entire books _cite_ . All of them serve a different purpose and offer a different view on this quickly evolving topic. A very good review paper is for example found in the work of Litjens et al. _cite_, as they did the incredible effort to review more than N papers in their article. Since then, however, many more noteworthy works have appeared-almost on a daily basis-which makes it difficult to create a review paper that matches the current pace in the field. {\comment The newest effort to summarize the entire field was attempted in _cite_ listing more than N papers. Again, since its publication several more noteworthy works appeared and others were missed.} Hence, it is important to select methods of significance and describe them in high detail. Zhou et al. _cite_ do so for the state-of-the-art of deep learning in medical image analysis and found an excellent selection of topics. Still, deep learning is being quickly adopted in other fields of medical image processing and the book misses, for example, topics such as image reconstruction. While an overview on important methods in the field is crucial, the actual implementation is as important to move the field ahead. Hence, works like the short tutorial by Breininger et al. _cite_ are highly relevant to introduce to the topic also on a code-level. Their jupyter notebook framework creates an interactive experience in the web browser to implement fundamental deep learning basics in Python. In summary, we observe that the topic is too complex and evolves too quickly to be summarized in a single document. Yet, over the past few months there already have been so many exciting developments in the field of medical image processing that we believe it is worthwhile to point them out and to connect them to a single introduction. Readers of this article do not have to be closely acquainted with deep learning at its terminology. We will summarize the relevant theory and present it at a level of detail that is sufficient to follow the major concepts in deep learning. Furthermore, we connect these observations with traditional concepts in pattern recognition and machine learning. In addition, we put these foundations into the context of emerging approaches in medical image processing and analysis, including applications in physical simulation and image reconstruction. As a last aim of this introduction, we also clearly indicate potential weaknesses of the current technology and outline potential remedies.