In homeland and aviation security applications, there has been increasing demand for X-ray CT EDS system for carry-on baggage screening. A CT-EDS can produce an accurate ND object structure for segmentation and threat detection, which is often not possible when a ND-EDS system captures projection views in only one or two angular directions. There are currently two types of CT EDS systems: gantry-based CT and stationary CT. While gantry-based CT EDS is largely the same as medical CT, baggage screening should be carried out continuously, so it is often difficult to continuously screen carry-on bags because of the possible mechanical overloading of the gantry system. On the other hand, a stationary CT EDS system uses fixed X-ray sources and detectors, making the system suitable for routine carry-on baggage inspection. For example, Fig. _ref_ shows source and detector geometry of the prototype stationary CT-EDS system developed by GEMSS Medical Systems, Korea. As shown in Fig. _ref_ (a), nine pairs of X-ray source and dual energy detector in the opposite direction are distributed at the same angular interval. For seamless screening without stopping convey belt, each pair of source and detectors are arranged along the z-direction as shown in Fig. _ref_ (b) so that different projection view data can be collected while the carry-on baggages moves continuously on the conveyor belt. Then, N-view fan beam projection data is obtained for each z-slice by rebinning the measurement data. This type of stationary CT system is suitable for EDS applications because it does not require a rotating gantry, but with only N projection views it is difficult to use a conventional filtered backprojection (FBP) algorithm due to severe streaking artifacts. Therefore, advanced reconstruction algorithms with fast reconstruction time are required. For sparse-view CT EDS, model-based iterative reconstruction (MBIR) with the total variation (TV) penalty have been extensively investigated _cite_ . Inspired by the recent success of deep learning approach for sparse view and limited angle CT _cite_ that outperform the classical MBIR approach, this paper aims at developing a deep learning approach for real-world sparse view CT EDS. However, neural network training using the retrospective angular subsampling as in the existing works _cite_ is not possible for our prototype system, since there are no ground-truth data for the real world sparse view CT EDS. We therefore propose a novel deep learning approach composed of image domain and sinogram domain learning that compensate for the imperfect label data.