Compact binary representations of images are instrumental for a multitude of computer vision applications, including image retrieval, simultaneous localization and mapping, and large-scale ND reconstruction. Typical approaches to the problem of learning discriminative yet concise representations include supervised machine learning methods such as boosting~ _cite_, hashing~ _cite_ and, more recently, deep learning~ _cite_ . Although unsupervised methods have also been proposed~ _cite_, their performance is typically significantly lower than the competing supervised approaches. The goal of this work is to bridge this performance gap by using an intermediate layer representation of a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) ~ _cite_ discriminator as a compact binary image descriptor. Recent studies show the powerful discriminative capabilities of features extracted from the discriminator networks of GANs _cite_ . With a growing number of hidden units in intermediate layers, the quality of vector representations increase, when applied to both image matching and retrieval. This is why typical approaches make use of high-dimensional intermediate representations to generate image descriptors, therefore leading to high memory footprint and computationally expensive matching. We address this shortcoming and build low-dimensional compact descriptors by training GAN with a novel Distance Matching Regularizer (DMR) . This regularizer is responsible for propagating the Hamming distances between binary vectors in high-dimensional feature spaces of intermediate discriminator layers to the compact feature space of the low-dimensional deeper layers in the same network. More precisely, our proposed method allows to regularize the output of an intermediate layer (with low number units) of the discriminator with the help of the output of previous layers (with high number of units) . This is achieved by propagating the correlations between sample pairs of representations between the layers. Moreover, to better allocate the capacity of the low-dimensional feature representation we extend our model with an adjusted version of the Binarization Representation Entropy (BRE) Regularizer _cite_ . This regularization technique was initially applied to increase the diversity of intermediate layers of the discriminator by maximizing the joint entropy of the binarized outputs of the layers. We adjust this regularization term so that it concentrates on increasing the entropy of the particular pairs of binary vectors that are not correlated in high-dimensional space. As a consequence, we keep the balance between propagating the Hamming distances between the layers for correlated vectors and increasing the diversity of the binary vectors in the low-dimensional feature space. The main contributions of this paper are two-fold. Firstly, we build a powerful yet compact binary image descriptor using a GAN architecture. Secondly, we introduce a novel regularization method that propagates the Hamming distances between correlated pairs of vectors in the high-dimensional features of earlier layers to the low-dimensional binary representation of deeper layers during discriminator training. A binary image descriptor resulting from our approach, dubbed BinGAN, significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods in two challenging tasks: image matching and image retrieval. Last but not least, we release the code of the method along with the evaluation scripts to enable reproducible research .