In recent years the question of security in public spaces has been attracting an increasing volume of attention. While the use of surveillance equipment has steadily expanded with it so has the range of problems associated with the way vast amounts of collected data are used. The inspection of video recordings by humans is a laborious and slow process, and as a result most surveillance footage is used not preventatively but rather post hoc . Research on automating this process by means of computer vision aided inference has the potential to be of great public benefit and radically change how surveillance is conducted. Public spaces such as squares and shopping centres are unpredictable and challenging environments for computer vision based inference. Not only are they rich in features, texture and motion, but they also continuously exhibit variation of both high and low frequencies in time: shopping windows change as stores open and close, shadows cast by buildings and other landmarks move, delivery lorries get parked intermittently etc. The focus of primary interest, humans, also undergo extreme appearance changes. Their scale in the image is variable and usually small, full or partial mutual occlusions and occlusions by other objects in the scene are frequent, with further appearance variability due to articulation, viewpoint and illumination. As evidenced by a substantial corpus of published work, much computer vision work on the modelling and understanding of human behaviour focuses on the recognition of articulated actions _cite_ . Although the analysis of crowds--including their detection _cite_, tracking _cite_ and counting _cite_--has started to develop some research momentum, behaviour analysis in crowds on a more global level of holistic motion has not been adequately addressed yet. Most previous work in this area considers scenarios far simpler than we do in this paper--camera viewpoint is often chosen so as to minimize occlusion of objects of interests _cite_ and only such specific types of scenes are considered which greatly restrict the variability of possible motion patterns _cite_ . An often considered problem is that of novelty detection in traffic _cite_, where motion constraints are much tighter. Not only does this greatly reduce the space of possible motions over which learning is performed but it also makes it possible to see in training all possible ``normal'' motion patterns, largely turning the problem to that of achieving robustness to noise (usually through some form of clustering) .