{T} {he} last decade has witnessed great advances in machine learning and computer vision that have largely improved the performance and reduced the computational complexity of visual learning algorithms. Although there has been much progress in supervised visual learning, two main limitations still exist: (N) the reliance on human labeling limits the application of supervised methods in problems involving many categories; (N) these discriminative models lack interpretability because they do not produce mid-level representations (e.g., what are the most important visual features for discrimination?) . For instance, consider Fig.~ _ref_, where there are a set of images that contain a car (Fig.~ _ref_ (a)) and a set of images that do not contain a car (Fig.~ _ref_ (b)) . Given these sets, the goal of a weakly-trained classifier is to discover discriminative regions and use them to train a car detector. Most of the successful approaches for weakly-supervised localization (WSL) ~ _cite_ rely on bag-of-words (BoW) . BoW approaches build a vocabulary of visual words to encode the visual representation and then use it to learn a binary classifier (e.g., kernel SVM) . Although these techniques achieve state-of-the-art performance, the feature spaces induced by kernels obfuscate the understanding of which are the visual features that are most important for discrimination in the image space. The aim of this paper is to develop algorithms that learn in a weakly-supervised manner which are the discriminative features and regions. We aim to answer the following questions: Which visual words are used to discriminate cars versus non-cars (Fig.~ _ref_ (c)) ? Which are the discriminative regions in the image (e.g., car in Fig.~ _ref_ (d)) ? In addition to still images, we also apply our method to find discriminative spatio-temporal regions for activity recognition from video (Fig.~ _ref_ (e)-(h)) . WSL methods can partially solve the problem of localization of discriminative features, avoiding the time-consuming and error-prone manual localization process. Moreover, the selected regions are more informative to train detectors~ _cite_ . Due to its importance, WSL has been a popular topic researched in the last few years. Existing algorithms for WSL rely on multiple instance learning (MIL) and have mostly been applied to linear classifiers. A major challenge is how to extend these methods to cope with kernel representations while allowing for region and feature selection, which is a non-trivial task. This paper proposes a feature and a region selection method for visual learning in the kernel space. The feature selection method is suitable for the family of additive kernels, and the region selection is valid for all kernels. The contributions of our work include: (N) a convex model for feature selection in the kernel space, and its application to find discriminative visual words; (N) a method for region selection using non-linear kernels, which can be used for the discovery and visualization of discriminative regions in images and spatio-temporal volumes in videos; (N) connections of our work with existing approaches including multiple kernel learning (MKL) and multiple instance learning (MIL) . Experimental results in the PittCar dataset, PASCAL VOC N, MSR Action Dataset II and YouTube dataset illustrate the benefits of our approach.