Cardiovascular disease is one of the major causes of death in the world. Physicians use imaging technologies such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to estimate structural (e.g. volume) and functional (e.g. ejection fraction) cardiac parameters for both diagnosis and disease management. Fully-automated estimation of such parameters can facilitate early diagnosis of the disease and has the potential to remove the more mechanistic aspects of a radiologist's assessment. As such, lately there has been increasing interest in machine learning algorithms for fully automatic left-ventricle (LV) segmentation _cite_ . This is a challenging task due to the variability of LV shape across slices, cardiac phases, patients and scanning machines as well as weak boundaries of LV due to the presence of blood flow, papillary muscles and trabeculations. A review of LV segmentation methods in short-axis cardiac MR images can be found in _cite_ . The main image analysis approaches to LV segmentation can be grouped into three broad categories: active contour models, machine learning models, and hybrid versions that combine elements of the two approaches. Active contour models with either explicit _cite_ or implicit _cite_ contour representations minimize an energy function composed of internal and external constraints. The internal constraints represent continuity and smoothness of the contour and external constraints represent appearance and shape of the target object. However, designing appropriate energy functions that can handle all sources of variability is challenging. Also, the quality of the segmentations produced by these methods typically depends on the region-of-interest (ROI) used to initialise the algorithms. Machine learning approaches have been proposed to circumvent some of these issues _cite_ at the expense of collecting large training datasets with a sufficient number of examples. Investigating hybrid methods that combine some elements of both approaches is an active research area _cite_ . Current state-of-the-art LV segmentation approaches rely on deep artificial neural networks _cite_ . Typically, these solutions consists of three distinct stages carried out sequentially. Initially, the LV is localised within each two-dimensional slice; then the LV is segmented, and finally the segmentation is further refined to improve its quality. For instance, a pipeline consisting of Deep Belief Networks (DBNs) for both localisation and segmentation, followed by a level-set methodology, has shown to generate high-quality segmentations _cite_ . In more recent work, a different pipeline has been proposed that consists of convolutional neural networks for initial LV detection, followed by a segmentation step deploying stacked autoencoders, and a fine-tuning strategy also based on level-sets methodology _cite_ . The latter approach has been proved to produce state-of-the-art results on the MICCAI N LV segmentation challenge _cite_ . Both approaches share a number of common features. First, the segmentation is carried out using two-dimensional patches that are independently extracted from each MRI slice. Second, they use a separate architecture for the two tasks, localization and segmentation. Third, different neural network architectures are trained for cardiac MR slices containing the base and apex of the heart, due to the observed heterogeneity in local shape variability. In this work we investigate a neural network architecture, trained end-to-end, that learns to detect and segment the LV jointly from the the entire stack of short-axis images rather than operating on individual slices. Recently, fully convolutional networks (FCN) have been proposed for the segmentation of ND images _cite_ . They take arbitrarily sized input images, and use feature pooling coupled with an upsampling step to produce same size outputs delivering the segmentation. Compared to more traditional sliding-window approaches, FCNs are more efficient. They have received increasing interest lately as they unify object localization and segmentation in a single process by extracting both global and local context effectively _cite_ . Applications of FCNs to medical imaging segmentation problems have also started to appear, for instance for the identification of neuronal structures in electron microscopic recordings _cite_ . In independent work, Valipour et al. _cite_ have recently adapted recurrent fully convolutional networks for video segmentation. Here we propose an extension of FCNs, called Recurrent Fully-Convolutional Networks (RFCN), to directly address the segmentation problem in multi-slice MR images. We are motivated by the desire to exploit the spatial dependences that are observed across adjacent slices and learn image features that capture the global anatomical structure of the heart from the full image stack. We investigate whether exploiting this information is beneficial for accurate anatomical segmentation, especially for cardiac regions with weak boundaries, e.g. poor structural contrast due to the presence of blood flow, papillary muscles and trabeculations.