High-speed, autonomous navigation is predicated on the ability to reason about the environment for effective, collision-free path planning. Existing approaches operate on current sensor readings to update an occupancy map corresponding to an internal representation of where obstacles exist in the environment. These occupancy maps are then used by planning algorithms to generate a collision-free path to a target goal. One of the limitations of this approach is that the planning horizon is limited to the field of view (FOV) of the sensor. On the other hand, behavioral neuroscience and biological psychology point to the potential role of prediction for navigation in animals and humans. In particular, the hypocampus appears to exhibit some neuronal structures as well as firing sequences that could support not only mapping but also predictive mapping capabilities~ _cite_ . Indeed, humans continuously make predictions of what to expect based on past experiences. This allows us to adjust our control policy in real time depending on how close our observations match our predictions~ _cite_ . The advantage is most evident while running along a hallway approaching a T-intersection. Even though we cannot see the left or right paths, we generally assume the straight lines will continue and we can predict how the hallway will appear as we turn the corner. Because of this prediction, we do not adjust our running speed unless our prediction is inaccurate. Following this intuition, we believe future predictions of occupancy maps can enable risk sensitive control policies for mobile and aerial vehicles. By being able to predict occupancy maps, we can enable faster navigation as the planning horizon can extend beyond the sensor's limited FOV. This concept is similar to image completion, a problem for which multiple solutions have been suggested in the past~ _cite_ . We take an alternate approach, leveraging the fact that structural information from the observed geometry of the world that can help us make useful predictions about the environment. Deep neural networks have significant advantages over other approaches when used for image completion or image generation~ _cite_ . One of the most promising innovations in deep learning has been the development of autoencoder networks and generative adversarial networks (GANs) ~ _cite_ . These networks use a minimax game adversarial training with opponent generative and discriminative networks, and are capable of encoding a latent representation of images used to generate new examples from latent space. In this paper, we demonstrate the ability to generate future predictions of occupancy maps without an explicit model using a variety of different neural network architectures with two examples shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The main contributions of this work include: