Learning high-dimensional data distributions from finite number of examples and being able to generate new samples from such distributions is a challenging task. Developments in deep learning based techniques and unsupervised learning in the last five years set a new standard for this problem, especially for imaging data. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) ~ _cite_, variational auto-encoders~ _cite_ and variants of these models~ _cite_ demonstrate that it is possible to train networks that can approximate distributions of images well enough to sample realistic looking sharp images. Such models have already been successfully applied in various vision tasks, such as generating data samples _cite_, domain adaptation~ _cite_ and image in-painting _cite_ . Unsupervised learning and generative modeling have numerous clinically relevant applications in medical image computing. One particular application,, is scientifically interesting and technically challenging. The task is simple to state: given an image acquired from a patient, detect the regions in the image that should not be there in the `normal' case, if any. This is one of the routine tasks of a radiologist that they need to perform for every image they assess and a critical first step in diagnosis. For complicated cases, years of experience is necessary to distinguish normal from abnormal. However, for a large set of problems, such as brain tumors, even non-experts can perform the task after seeing a handful of `normal' looking images. Despite the simplicity of its description and the clear separation of abnormal from normal tissue appearance, unsupervised abnormality detection remains as a huge challenge for machine learning. Deep learning based generative modeling approaches provide new opportunities for developing automatic algorithms for unsupervised abnormality detection. In this work, we empirically investigate feasibility of such approaches using relatively large, publicly available datasets. We use magnetic resonance images (MRI) of the brain acquired from healthy individuals at different age groups to train different auto-encoder based generative models to learn the distribution of `normal' brain MRI. Then we apply the trained models on two other datasets of brain MRI bearing tumors and stroke lesions to detect the abnormal lesions in an unsupervised manner. Detection performance is a good quality indicator that assesses how well the models learn the distribution of `normal' images. We describe the datasets and present empirical evaluation comparing different deep learning based models as well as non-deep learning methods, which have been used in the medical image computing community. The evaluation provides a benchmark showing the state-of-research for this difficult problem, indicating that unsupervised detection of abnormalities remains an open challenge and demands further research.