In clinical routine, lower back pain (LBP) caused by spinal disorders is reported as common reason for clinical visits _cite_ . Both computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging technologies are used in computer assisted spinal diagnosis and therapy support systems. MR imaging becomes the preferred modality for diagnosing various spinal disorders such as degenerative disc diseases, spindylolisthesis and spinal stenosis due to its excellent soft tissue contrast and no ionizing radiation _cite_ . However, when it comes to spine trauma patients with moderate or high risk, CT is superior to all other imaging modalities in the detection of vertebral fractures and unstable injuries _cite_ . An accurate segmentation of individual vertebrae from CT images are important for many clinical applications. After segmentation, it is possible to determine the shape and condition of individual vertebrae. Segmentation can also assist early diagnosis, surgical planning and locating spinal pathologies like degenerative disorders, deformations, trauma, tumors and fractures. Most computer-assisted diagnosis and planning systems are based on manual segmentation performed by physicians. The disadvantage of manual segmentation is that it is time consuming and the results are not really reproducible because the image interpretations by humans may vary significantly across interpreters. In this paper, we address the challenging problem of automatic segmentation of lumbar vertebrae from ND CT images acquired with varying fields of view (FOV), which is usually solved with a two-stage method consisting of a localization stage followed by a segmentation stage _cite_ . The localization aims to identify each lumbar vertebra, where segmentation handles the problem of producing binary labeling of a given ND image. For vertebra localization, there exist both semi-automatic methods and fully automatic methods~ _cite_ . For vertebra segmentation, both ND image-based methods and ND image-based methods~ _cite_ are introduced before. These methods can be roughly classified as statistical shape model or atlas based methods, and graph theory (GT) based methods. The multiple center milestone study of clinical vertebra segmentation as presented in _cite_ summarized the performance of several state-of-the-art vertebra segmentation algorithms on CT scans. Recently, machine learning-based methods have gained more and more interest in the medical image analysis community. Most of these methods are based on ensemble learning principles that can aggregate predictions of multiple classifiers and demonstrate superior performance in various challenging medical image analysis problems _cite_ . For example, Michael Kelm et al. _cite_ proposed to detect spine from CT or MR images using iterative marginal space learning. Zhan et al. _cite_ presented a hierarchical strategy and local articulated model to detect vertebrae and discs from ND MR images. Due to the successful applications of Random Forest (RF) regression and classification for localization and segmentation of orans from ND CT/MR data, such a technique has been used for automatic localization and segmentation of vertebrae from CT/MR images _cite_ . More recently, with the advance of deep learning techniques _cite_, many researchers have proposed deep learning based methods for automatic localization and segmentation of vertebrae from CT images. For example, Chen et al. _cite_ proposed a method for automatically locating and identifying vertebrae in ND CT volumes by exploiting high level feature representation with deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) . To solve the same task, a different approach was presented by Suzani et al. _cite_ where they parametrized the vertebral localization problem as a multi-variate non-linear regression. They then used deep feed-forward neural network with hand-crafted features to regress displacements between the center of each vertebral body and reference voxels which were selected using Canny edge detector. The final estimation of the center for each vertebral body was then obtained by using an adaptive kernel density estimation method. This idea was later extended by Sekuboyina et al. _cite_ to develop a localization-segmentation approach for automatic segmentation of lumbar vertebrae. More specifically, instead of localizing each individual vertebra, they proposed to use a multi-layered perceptron (MLP) with hand-crafted features to perform non-linear regression for locating the lumber region. After that, a ND U-net like Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN) was used to segment all sagittal slices in order to get a volumetric segmentation. Inspired by _cite_, in this paper we proposed a method to automatically segment lumbar vertebrae from ND CT images using cascaded ND FCNs consisting of a localization FCN and a segmentation FCN (see Fig. _ref_ for an overview) . More specifically, in the first step we train a regression ND FCN (the LocalizationNet in Fig. _ref_) to find a bounding box which defines the region of interest (ROI) of the lumbar region. After that, a ND U-net like FCN (the SegmentationNet in Fig. _ref_) is then developed, which after training, can perform a pixel-wise multi-class segmentation to map a cropped lumber region volumetric data to its volume-wise labels. The paper is organized as follows. In the next section, we will describe the method. Section N will present the experimental results, followed by discussions and conclusions in Section N.