detection based on Convolutional Neural Network (i.e., CNN) has achieved great success recently _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_ . The main process of CNN based methods can be divided into two steps: proposal extraction and CNN classification. Firstly, the candidate proposals are extracted by the traditional pedestrian detection algorithm (e.g., ACF _cite_ and LDCF _cite_) . Then, these proposals are classified into pedestrian or non-pedestrian by the CNN _cite_, _cite_ . Despite its great success, it still exists some room to improve it. N) Most methods only use the last layer features in CNN with softmax or SVM to classify the proposals. In fact, different layers in CNN represents the different image characteristic. The first few layers can better describe the image local variance, whereas the last few layers abstract the image global structure. It means that each layer in CNN contains different discriminative features, which can be used for learning the classifier. N) Some methods only use the traditional methods based on the handcrafted features (i.e., HOG + LUV _cite_) to generate the candidate proposals while ignoring the proposal scores. N) Due to the large amount of convolutional operations, the methods based very deep CNN (e.g., VGGN _cite_) run very slowly on the common CPU (e.g., about Ns) . Recently, researchers have done some work to solve the above problems. Li et al. _cite_ proposed to train the cascaded multiple CNN models of different resolutions. As the low resolution CNN can early reject many background regions, it avoids scanning the full image with high resolution CNN and then reduces the computation cost. However, the training process of multiple CNN models is relatively complex. Cai et al. _cite_ proposed the complexity-aware cascade to seamlessly integrate handcrafted features and the last layer features in CNN into a unifying detector. However, it still does not make full use of the multi-layer features in CNN. Bell et al. _cite_ concatenated the multiple layers of CNN into the fixed-size ROI pooling. With more abundant feature abstraction, it outperforms fast-RCNN _cite_ . Though its success, it needs complex operations of LN-normalized, concatenated, scaled, and dimension-reduced. Moreover, it ignores the scores of the proposals. In this paper, we propose a unifying framework, which is called Multi-layer Channel Features (MCF) . Firstly, it integrates handcrafted image channels (i.e., HOG + LUV) and each layer of CNN into the multi-layer image channels. HOG + LUV image channels are set as the first layer, which contains N image channels. The layers in CNN correspond to the remaining layers, respectively. Secondly, zero-order, one-order, and high-order features are extracted to generate a large number of candidate feature pools in each layer. Finally, a multi-stage cascade AdaBoost is used to select the discriminative features and efficiently classify object and background. The weak classifiers in each stage of multi-stage cascade are learned based on the candidate features from corresponding layer. To further accelerate detection speed, the highly overlapped detection windows with lower scores are eliminated after the first stage. Overall, the contributions of this paper and the merits of the proposed methods (MCF) can be summarized as follows: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Firstly, we give a review about pedestrian detection. Then, our methods are introduced in Sec. III. Sec. IV shows the experimental results. Finally, we conclude this paper in Sec. V.