Continued rapid advancements in algorithms and computer hardware have accelerated progress in automated computer vision and natural language processing. By combining these two factors with the availability of well-annotated large datasets, significant advances have emerged from automated medical image interpretation for the detection of disease and critical findings _cite_ . The application of deep learning has the potential to increase diagnostic accuracy and reduce delays in diagnosis and treatment for better patient outcomes _cite_ . Deep learning techniques are not limited to image analysis, but they also can improve image reconstruction for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) _cite_, computed tomography (CT) _cite_, and photoacoustic tomography (PAT) _cite_ . Deep learning now is a feasible alternative to well-established analytic and iterative methods of image reconstruction _cite_ . However, most prior work using deep learning algorithms has focused on image analysis of reconstructed images or as an alternative approach to image reconstruction. Despite this human centric approach, there is no reason that deep learning algorithms must function in image-space. Since all the information in the reconstructed images is present in the raw measurement data, deep learning models could potentially derive features directly from raw data in sinogram-space without intermediary image reconstruction, with possibly even better performance than models trained in image-space. In this study, we determined the feasibility analyzing computed tomography (CT) projection data-sinograms-through a deep learning approach for human anatomy identification and pathology detection. We proposed a customized convolutional neural network (CNN) called SinoNet, optimized it for interpreting sinograms, and demonstrated its potential by comparing its performance to pre-existing system based on other CNN architectures using reconstructed CT images. This approach accelerates edge computing by making it possible to identify critical findings rapidly from the raw data without time-consuming image reconstruction processes. In addition, this could enable us to develop simplified scanner hardware for the direct detection of critical findings through SinoNet alone.