The classification of pigmented skin lesions with unaided eye is challenging, even for the highly experienced dermatologists. So, dermoscopy is used for visual inspection of the skin lesions in a better way. This device can magnify the inspected regions as well as eliminates the surface reflection of the skin which leads to improve the diagnostic accuracy. But in several occasions using dermatoscope a trained experts also fail to make correct prediction~ _cite_ . Hence, several computer assisted automated approaches are proposed to analysis dermoscopy images~ _cite_ . The identification of skin disease from dermoscopy images are treated as an image classification problem. The tradition approach of image classification needs robust feature representation which are feed to the classifier for training. So, inspired by the medical diagnostic procedure several color, texture and shape features are used to characterize the skin lesion. However, it is very much difficult to develop robust feature representation to deal with the dermoscopy images obtained from different acquisition devices and captured in diverse illumination conditions~ _cite_ . This draws the computer vision researchers to use deep convolutional neural networks. The convolutional neural network (CNN) binds the feature extraction, feature selection and classification modules into a single unit. It can automatically extract discriminating features from the labelled images~ _cite_ . Hence, CNN produces unimaginable performance in several image classification problems. But the limitation of CNN is that it is data hungry. So, to get rid of that, transfer learning is used~ _cite_ . The transfer learning approach is nothing but tricky initialization of the network weights. In transfer learning scheme, the network weights are initialized with the leant weights of a CNN trained on another dataset. Generally, a CNN trained on the imagenet classification challenge is used for that purpose. In this paper, ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks are used to classify the dermoscopy images into one of the seven disease classes-Melanoma, Melanocytic nevus, Basal cell carcinoma, Actinic keratosis, Benign keratosis, Dermatofibroma and Vascular lesion. We fine-tune three popular deep learning architectures namely-ResNetN~ _cite_, DenseNet-N~ _cite_ and MobileNet-N~ _cite_ . to predict the disease class. Finally, a majority-voting is applied on the basis of the predicted class probability maps obtained from the trained classification networks.