Resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) is a widely used neuroimaging tool that measures spontaneous fluctuations in neural blood oxygen-level dependent (BOLD) signal across the whole brain, in the absence of any controlled experimental paradigm. In their seminal work, Biswal et al. _cite_ demonstrated temporal coherence of low-frequency spontaneous fluctuations between long-range functionally related regions of the primary sensory motor cortices even in the absence of an explicit task, suggesting a neurological significance of resting-state activity. Several subsequent studies similarly reported other collections of regions co-activated by a task (such as language, motor, attention, audio or visual processing etc.) that show correlated fluctuations at rest _cite_ . These spontaneously co-fluctuating regions came to be known as the resting state networks (RSNs) or intrinsic brain networks. The term RSN henceforth denotes brain networks subserving shared functionality as discovered using rs-fMRI. Rs-fMRI has enormous potential to advance our understanding of the brain's functional organization and how it is altered by damage or disease. A major emphasis in the field is on the analysis of resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC) that measures statistical dependence in BOLD fluctuations among spatially distributed brain regions. Disruptions in RSFC have been identified in several neurological and psychiatric disorders, such as Alzheimer's _cite_, autism _cite_, depression _cite_, schizophrenia _cite_, etc. Dynamics of RSFC have also garnered considerable attention in the last few years, and a crucial challenge in rs-fMRI is the development of appropriate tools to capture the full extent of this RS activity. rs-fMRI captures a rich repertoire of intrinsic mental states or spontaneous thoughts and, given the necessary tools, has the potential to generate novel neuroscientific insights about the nature of brain disorders _cite_ . The study of rs-fMRI data is highly interdisciplinary, majorly influenced by fields such as machine learning, signal processing and graph theory. Machine learning methods provide a rich characterization of rs-fMRI, often in a data-driven manner. Unsupervised learning methods in rs-fMRI are focused primarily on understanding the functional organization of the healthy brain and its dynamics. For instance, methods such as matrix decomposition or clustering can simultaneously expose multiple functional networks within the brain and also reveal the latent structure of dynamic functional connectivity. Supervised learning techniques, on the other hand, can harness RSFC to make individual-level predictions. Substantial effort has been devoted to using rs-fMRI for classification of patients versus controls, or to predict disease prognosis and guide treatments. Another class of studies explores the extent to which individual differences in cognitive traits may be predicted by differences in RSFC, yielding promising results. Predictive approaches can also be used to address research questions of interest in neuroscience. For example, is RSFC heritable? Such questions can be formulated within a prediction framework to test novel hypotheses. From mapping functional networks to making individual-level predictions, the applications of machine learning in rs-fMRI are far-reaching. The goal of this review is to present in a concise manner the role machine learning has played in generating pioneering insights from rs-fMRI data, and describe the evolution of machine learning applications in rs-fMRI. We will present a review of the key ideas and application areas for machine learning in rs-fMRI rather than delving into the precise technical nuances of the machine learning algorithms themselves. In light of the recent developments and burgeoning potential of the field, we discuss current challenges and promising directions for future work. Until the Ns, task-fMRI was the predominant neuroimaging tool to explore the functions of different brain regions and how they coordinate to create diverse mental representations of cognitive functions. The discovery of correlated spontaneous fluctuations within known cortical networks by Biswal et al. _cite_ and a plethora of follow-up studies have established rs-fMRI as a useful tool to explore the brain's functional architecture. Studies adopting the resting-state paradigm have grown at an unprecedented scale over the last decade. These are much simpler protocols than alternate task-based experiments, capable of providing critical insights into functional connectivity of the healthy brain as well as its disruptions in disease. Resting-state is also attractive as it allows multi-site collaborations, unlike task-fMRI that is prone to confounds induced by local experimental settings. This has enabled network analysis at an unparalleled scale. Traditionally, rs-fMRI studies have focused on identifying spatially-distinct yet functionally associated brain regions through seed-based analysis (SBA) . In this approach, seed voxels or regions of interest are selected a priori and the time series from each seed is correlated with the time series from all brain voxels to generate a series of correlation maps. SBA, while simple and easily interpretable, is limited since it is heavily dictated by manual seed selection and, in its simplest form, can only reveal one specific functional system at a time. Decomposition methods like Independent Component Analysis (ICA) emerged as a highly promising alternative to seed-based correlation analysis in the early Ns _cite_ . This was followed by other unsupervised learning techniques such as clustering. In contrast to seed-based methods that explore networks associated with a seed voxel (such as motor or visual functional connectivity maps), these new class of model-free methods based on decomposition or clustering explored RSNs simultaneously across the whole brain for individual or group-level analysis. Regardless of the analysis tool, all studies largely converged in reporting multiple robust resting-state networks across the brain, such as the primary sensorimotor network, the primary visual network, fronto-parietal attention networks and the well-studied default mode network. Regions in the default mode network, such as the posterior cingulate cortex, precuneus, ventral and dorsal medial prefrontal cortex, show increased levels of activity during rest than tasks suggesting that this network represents the baseline or default functioning of the human brain. The default mode network has sparked a lot of interest in the rs-fMRI community _cite_, and several studies have consequently explored disruptions in DMN resting-state connectivity in various neurological and psychiatric disorders, including autism, schizophrenia and Alzheimer's. _cite_ Despite the widespread success and popularity of rs-fMRI, the causal origins of ongoing spontaneous fluctuations in the resting brain remain largely unknown. Several studies explored whether resting-state coherent fluctuations have a neuronal origin, or are just manifestations of aliasing or physiological artifacts introduced by the cardiac or respiratory cycle. Over time, evidence in support for a neuronal basis of BOLD-based resting state functional connectivity has accumulated from multiple complementary sources. This includes (a) observed reproducibility of RSFC patterns across independent subject cohorts _cite_, (b) its persistence in the absence of aliasing and distinct separability from noise components _cite_, (c) its similarity to known functional networks _cite_ and (d) consistency with anatomy _cite_, (e) its correlation with cortical activity studied using other modalities _cite_ and finally, (f) its systematic alterations in disease _cite_ . A vast majority of literature on machine learning for rs-fMRI is devoted to unsupervised learning approaches. Unlike task-driven studies, modelling resting-state activity is not straightforward since there is no controlled stimuli driving these fluctuations. Hence, analysis methods used for characterizing the spatio-temporal patterns observed in task-based fMRI are generally not suited for rs-fMRI. Given the high dimensional nature of fMRI data, it is unsurprising that early analytic approaches focused on decomposition or clustering techniques to gain a better characterization of data in spatial and temporal domains. Unsupervised learning approaches like ICA catalyzed the discovery of the so-called resting-state networks or RSNs. Subsequently, the field of resting-state brain mapping expanded with the primary goal of creating brain parcellations, i.e., optimal groupings of voxels (or vertices in the case of surface representation) that describe functionally coherent spatial compartments within the brain. These parcellations aid in the understanding of human functional organization by providing a reference map of areas for exploring the brain's connectivity and function. Additionally, they serve as a popular data reduction technique for statistical analysis or supervised machine learning. More recently, departing from the stationary representation of brain networks, studies have shown that RSFC exhibits meaningful variations during the course of a typical rs-fMRI scan _cite_ . Since brain activity during resting-state is largely uncontrolled, this makes network dynamics even more interesting. Using unsupervised pattern discovery methods, resting-state patterns have been shown to transition between discrete recurring functional connectivity "states", representing diverse mental processes _cite_ . In the simplest and most common scenario, dynamic functional connectivity is expressed using sliding-window correlations. In this approach, functional connectivity is estimated in a temporal window of fixed length, which is subsequently shifted by different time steps to yield a sequence of correlation matrices. Recurring correlation patterns can then be identified from this sequence through decomposition or clustering. This dynamic nature of functional connectivity opens new avenues for understanding the flexibility of different connections within the brain as they relate to behavioral dynamics, with potential clinical utility _cite_ . Another, perhaps clinically more promising application of machine learning in rs-fMRI expanded in the late Ns. This new class of applications leveraged supervised machine learning for individual level predictions. The covariance structure of resting-state activity, more popularly known as the "connectome", has garnered significant interest in the field of neuroscience as a sensitive biomarker of disease. Studies have further shown that an individual's connectome is unique and reliable, akin to a fingerprint _cite_ . Machine learning can exploit these neuroimaging based biomarkers to build diagnostic or prognostic tools. Visualization and interpretation of these models can complement statistical analysis to provide novel insights into the dysfunction of resting-state patterns in brain disorders. Given the prominence of deep learning in today's era, several novel neural-network based approaches have also emerged for the analysis of rs-fMRI data. A majority of these approaches target connectomic feature extraction for single-subject level predictions. In order to organize the work in this rapidly growing field, we sub-divide the machine learning approaches into different classes by methods and application focus. We first differentiate among unsupervised learning approaches based on whether their main focus is to discover (a) the underlying spatial organization that is reflected in coherent fluctuations, (b) the structure in temporal dynamics of resting-state connectivity, or (c) population-level structure for inter-subject comparisons. Next, we move on to discuss supervised learning. We organize this section by discussing the relevant rs-fMRI features employed in these models, followed by commonly used training algorithms, and finally the various application areas where rs-fMRI has shown promise in performing predictions.