The Internet has become a second self for most of the people today and many of our financial transactions, social interactions and communication are dependent on it and not always completely safe. Intruders, hackers and attackers are always in the quest for exploiting the users by hacking, spamming and impersonating. One of the major common and cost-effective and targeted attack in recent years is sending spam to users. spam detection and classification are very active fields of research and attackers are finding new ways to spam the users even with multiple layers of security mechanisms. They are finding the bugs and vulnerabilities and exploiting them actively improving on day to day basis. It is very common that users receive emails impersonating banks and other authorities asking for other personal details. Spam messages are causing huge loss to organizations. Many resources are getting wasted like mail server space, network bandwidth, spam filtering, mail server processing. Attackers may redirect users to counterfeit products sites, impersonate an authenticated site and stealing sensitive information, spread fake news and providing wrong information, false marketing. spam messages are wasting the time and effort of the users and distracting them thus decreasing the productivity flooding email and forcing to delete and clean it frequently. Image spam is altering the Image spam is increasing in the recent years with tremendous growth. A major reason for that is many of the email clients are filtering the spam text emails the subject sender and email content.but when it comes to the image detecting the spam is not easy particularly when attackers are embedding text into the images. Generally, email spam is detected using the spam filters which are evolved state now and can detect most of the spam with high accuracy but when it comes to image spam detection it is still in nascent stage and active research is going on for detecting with high accuracy. Initially Image spam in the form of HTML and to counter it researchers started using the OCR techniques. Attackers then used captcha based techniques obfuscating the text in the images but still readable by the humans but difficult to identify for an algorithm. This problem motivated researchers to use image processing techniques for image spam identification. Spam filters either block the spam messages or send them to a spam folder. The spam filter analyses the sender, subject, metadata and other related information of the mail and them classify it as spam or legitimate. They can be individual spam filters maintaining a block list containing addresses where you can add or delete from the respective list. In a community-based spam filtering, all can collaborate and add entries to the block list for improving the performance and ease of use. Initially set of conditions are programmed as rules for spam filters and later machine learning is being employed in latest spam filter which is proved more efficient and accurate.