Object detection is one of the most important tasks in computer vision. The convolutional neural network (CNN) based approaches have been widely applied in object detection and recognition with promising performance _cite_ . To localize objects at arbitrary scales and locations in an image, we need to handle the variations caused by appearance, location and scale. Most of the appearance variations can now be handled in CNN, benefiting from the invariance property of convolution and pooling operations. The location variations can be naturally solved via sliding windows, which can be efficiently incorporated into CNN in a fully convolutional manner. However, CNN itself does not have an inherent mechanism to handle the scale variations. The scale problem is often addressed via two ways, namely, multi-shot by single-scale detector and single-shot by multi-scale detector. The first way, as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ (a), handles objects of different scales independently by resizing the input into different scales and then forwarding the resized images multiple times for detection _cite_ . Models in such a philosophy probably have the highest recall as long as the sampling of scales is dense enough, but they suffer from high computation cost and more false positives. The second way, as depicted in Fig.~ _ref_ (b), forwards the image only once and then directly regresses objects at multiple scales _cite_ . Such a scheme takes the scale variation as a black box. Although more parameters and complex structures would improve the performance, the spirit of direct regression still has limitations in real-time applications, for example in face detection, the size of faces can vary from _inline_eq_ to _inline_eq_ . To handle the scale variation in a CNN-based detection system in terms of both efficiency and accuracy, we are inspired by the fast feature pyramid work proposed by Doll {\'a} r et al. ~ _cite_, where a detection system using hand-crafted features is designed for pedestrian detection. It is found that image gradients across scales can be predicted based on natural image statistics. They showed that dense feature pyramids can be efficiently constructed on top of coarsely sampled feature pyramids. In this paper, we extend the spirit of fast feature pyramid to CNN and go a few steps further. Our solution to the feature pyramid in CNN descends from the observations of modern CNN-based detectors, including Faster-RCNN _cite_, R-FCN~ _cite_, SSD~ _cite_, YOLO~ _cite_ and STN~ _cite_, where feature maps are first computed and the detection results are decoded from the maps afterwards. However, the computation cost of generating feature maps becomes a bottleneck for methods _cite_ using multi-scale testing and it seems not to be a neat solution to the scale variation problem. To this end, our philosophy of designing an elegant detection system is that we calculate the feature pyramid once only, and only through that pyramid can we approximate the rest feature pyramids at other scales. The intuition is illustrated in Fig.~ _ref_ (c) . In this work, we propose a recurrent scale approximation (RSA, see Fig.~ _ref_) unit to achieve the goal aforementioned. The RSA unit is designed to be plugged at some specific depths in a network and to be fed with an initial feature map at the largest scale. The unit convolves the input in a recurrent manner to generate the prediction of the feature map that is half the size of the input. Such a scheme could feed the network with input at one scale only and approximate the rest features at smaller scales through a learnable RSA unit-a balance considering both efficiency and accuracy. We propose two more schemes to further save the computational budget and improve the detection performance under the RSA framework. The first is a scale-forecast network to globally predict potential scales for a novel image and we compute feature pyramids for just a certain set of scales based on the prediction. There are only a few scales of objects appearing in the image and hence most of the feature pyramids correspond to the background, indicating a redundancy if maps on all levels are computed. The second is a landmark retracing network that retraces the location of the regressed landmarks in the preceding layers and generates a confidence score for each landmark based on the landmark feature set. The final score of identifying a face within an anchor is thereby revised by the LRN network. Such a design alleviates false positives caused by the accumulated error in the RSA unit. The pipeline of our proposed algorithm is shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The three components can be incorporated into a unified CNN framework and trained end-to-end. Experiments show that our approach is superior to other state-of-the-art methods in face detection and achieves reasonable results for object detection. To sum up, our contributions in this work are as follows: N) We prove that deep CNN features for an image can be approximated from different scales using a portable recurrent unit (RSA), which fully leverages efficiency and accuracy. N) We propose a scale-forecast network to predict valid scales of the input, which further accelerates the detection pipeline. N) We devise a landmark retracing network to enhance the accuracy in face detection by utilizing landmark information.