Diabetic retinopathy, a chronic, progressive eye disease, has turned out to be one of the most common causes of vision impairment and blindness especially for working ages in the world today~ _cite_ . It results from prolonged diabetes. Blood vessels in the light-sensitive tissue (i.e. retina) are mainly affected in diabetic retinopathy. The non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy (NPDR) occurs when the blood vessels leak the blood in the retina. The Proliferative DR (PDR), which causes blindness in the patient, is the next stage to NPDR. The progress of DR can be categorized into four stages: mild, moderate, severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy, and the advanced stages of proliferative diabetic retinopathy. In mild NPDR, small areas in the blood vessels of the retina, called microaneurysms, swell like a balloon. In moderate NPDR, multiple microaneurysms, hemorrhages, and venous beading occur, causing the patients to lose their ability to transport blood to the retina. The third stage, called severe NPDR, results from the presence of new blood vessels, which is caused by the secretion of growth factor. The worst stage of DR is the proliferative diabetic retinopathy, as illustrated in Fig.~ _ref_ in which fragile new blood vessels and scar tissue form on the surface of the retina, increasing the likelihood of blood leaking, leading to permanent vision loss. At present, retinopathy detection system is accomplished by involving a well-trained physician manually detecting vascular abnormalities and structural changes of retina in the retinal fundus images, which are then taken by dilating the retina using vasodilating agent. Due to the manual nature of DR screening methods, however, highly inconsistent results are found from different readers, so automated diabetic retinopathy diagnosis techniques are essential for solving these problems. Although DR can damage retina without showing any indication at the preliminary stage~ _cite_, successful early-stage detection of DR can minimize the risk of progression to more advanced stages of DR. The diagnosis is particularly difficult for early-stage detection because the process relies on discerning the presence of microaneurysms, retinal hemorrhages, among other features on the retinal fundus images. Furthermore, accurate detection and determination of the stages of DR can greatly improve the intervention, which ultimately reduces the risk of permanent vision loss. Earlier solutions of automated diabetic retinopathy detection system were based on hand-crafted feature extraction and standard machine learning algorithm for prediction~ _cite_ . These approaches were greatly suffer due to the hand-crafted nature of DR features extraction since feature extraction in color fundus images are more challenging compared to the traditional images for object detection task. Moreover, these hand-crafted features are highly sensitive to the quality of the fundus images, focus angle, presence of artifacts, and noise. Thus, these limitations in traditional hand-crafted features make it important to develop an effective feature extraction algorithm to effectively analyze the subtle features related to the DR detection task. In recent times, most of the problems of computer vision have been solved with greater accuracy with the help modern deep learning algorithms, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) being an example. CNNs have been proven to be revolutionary in different fields of computer vision such as object detection and tracking, image and medical disease classification and localization, pedestrian detection, action recognition, etc. The key attribute of the CNN is that it extracted features in task dependent and automated way. So, in this paper, we present an efficient CNN architecture for DR detection in large-scale database. Our proposed network was designed with a multi-layer CNN architecture followed by two fully connected layer and an output layer. Our network outperforms other state-of-the-art network in early-stage detection and achieves state-of-the-art performance in severity grading of diabetic retinopathy detection. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: related work is presented in the section~ _ref_, followed by the proposed method in the section~ _ref_, while experimental set-up and results are discussed in the section~ _ref_ . Finally, we draw our conclusion in the section~ _ref_ .