Fingerprint identification is the most historic, developed and widely used biometric technology. Everyone shares different fingerprint lines, especially minutiae which include ridge ending and ridge bifurcation. An automatic fingerprint identification system (AFIS) is concerned with some issues including image acquisition, features extraction and matching~ _cite_ . As for latent fingerprints, which are usually obtained from crime scenes and usually have fuzzy ridges and insufficient finger regions, the traditional algorithms don't work well on them. Generally, a fingerprint of good quality can be easily segmented and minutiae is easily extracted from it. Jain~ _cite_ follows the simple idea of ridge extraction, thinning and minutia extraction. But in latent fingerprints, fingerprint region is difficult to locate and ridge is fuzzy. So algorithms based on ridge extraction and thinning do not work well in latent fingerprints. Feng~ _cite_ proposed a minutia extraction algorithm based on Gabor feature. To reduce the influence of creases and noises, they extract minutia through Gabor phase field and measure minutiae reliability through Gabor Amplitude field. But limited by handcrafted features, the minutia descriptor still can't overcome the complex noises. Considering the limitation of handcrafted features, representation learning is proved to be able to extract reliable and robust features from data. Sankaran~ _cite_ uses stacked denoising sparse AutoEncoders to extract minutiae. The minutia and non-minutia descriptors learned from a larger number of tenprint fingerprints are used to extract minutia. However they learn the descriptors from minutia patches, which lost some global information. And the orientation, which is really important in minutia matching, is ignored. Some algorithms focus on the enhancement of latent fingerprints~ _cite_ because of the importance of orientation field in minutia extraction and even fingerprint identification. Inspired by the success of object detection on natural images, minutia extraction is regarded as a point detection problem. Overfeat~ _cite_ presents a framework for convolutional network to solve detection problem. Region-based convolutional network (R-CNN) ~ _cite_ attempts to solve the problem through two steps. Firstly some category-independent proposals are generated through selective search~ _cite_ . Secondly the proposals are classified using linear SVMs. In Fast R-CNN _cite_, convolutional network is used to classify the proposals, and features are extracted directly through raw image instead of every proposal. So a better results is achieved with less time cost. Considering the limitation of selective search, Faster R-CNN~ _cite_ uses fully convolutional network~ _cite_ to generate proposals, so the net is trained end-to-end to generate proposals. The region proposal network shares full-image convolutional layers with detection network, thus the proposal network is nearly cost free. In order to extract reliable minutiae directly from raw latent fingerprint, we propose a novel algorithm based on fully convolutional network to extract minutiae effectively and calculate their orientations. Our algorithm can be summarized as two main steps. (i) Generally proposals from raw fingerprints in pixel level using fully convolutional network. Each point at the raw fingerprint will get a minutia-like score, and a threshold is used to classify minutiae and non-minutiae. Location regression is used as a multi loss task to get more accurate locations of minutiae. (ii) Classifying the proposals and calculating their orientations. The orientation is calculated through a multi-task loss layer consisting of minutia classification, location regression and orientation regression. The key contributions of this paper are as follows: