one of the most natural clues for identifying individuals, faces have been used as the biometric trait in many biometric recognition systems _cite_, especially since face recognition technology has reached a satisfactory level of performance. Nowadays, large scale face recognition systems can be easily to be found, such as the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), which offers identity to all India residents _cite_ . Although these biometric systems have achieved high accuracy on recognizing customer faces, fake faces still can easily fool or bypass them _cite_ . With the popularity of Internet communication and social media, people's biological information can be rapidly proliferated leading to the criminals can easily access to face pictures or videos. Actually, once a face image is shared in the Internet, there is no further control over that image. For instance, Olaye _cite_ has reported that a mobile app called FindFace allows uploading a picture to access that person's social network data including good quality images that can be used for face PAD. To make matters even worse, it is not difficult for the criminals to use the biological information to launch a presentation attack. Therefore, considering this urgent security situation, an effective and reliable face PAD method must be developed for circumventing and detecting such threats. According to different kinds of fake faces, there are four types of presentation attacks that can be considered: (i) printed face photos, (ii) displayed face images, (iii) replayed videos and (iv) ND masks. In printed face photo attacks, the face photos are printed on paper and placed in front of the camera. Sometimes in order to produce aliveness signals such as eye blinking to confuse face recognition system, eye area of the photo will be cut off and replaced with real eye blinking. In both displayed image and replayed video attacks, the attacker uses a digital screen to show face images or videos. Compared with printed photo and displayed image attacks, replayed video attacks can exhibit motion and liveness information and are more challenging on common cameras. ND mask scenario refers to utilizing ND printing technology _cite_ and virtual reality _cite_ to fabricate a face mask and presenting the mask for presentation attack. However, ND attacks are much more expensive to launch compared with traditional printed photo, displayed image and replayed video attacks _cite_ . Fig. _ref_ shows an example of different face presentation attacks. In the last decade, many face PAD methods have been proposed to detect fake faces _cite_ . However, most methods directly extracted features and analyzed the differences between real and fake faces in existing color spaces (e.g. RGB, HSV and YCbCr) . For instance, _cite_ distinguished real faces with the fake ones in gray-scaled space and _cite_ detected presented fake faces in RGB color space. Although these methods can achieve good detection performance, the real faces and fake faces are overlapped in original color spaces as shown in Fig. _ref_ . Especially with the popularity of high-resolution screen and high-definition printer, the fake faces are getting closer to the real faces leading to detection task becomes more difficult. Therefore, we propose an end-to-end deep learning network to generate a new color-liked space, where the real and fake faces can be separated as much as possible. Inspired by generative adversarial network (GAN) _cite_, a color-liked space generator is constructed to map existing color spaces. Then, a feature extractor is designed to obtain features from the learned color-liked space. As aforementioned, the goal of our proposed network is to separate the real and fakes as much as possible. Therefore, we introduce a novel points-to-center triplet mechanism to train the generator. The flowchart is illustrated in Fig. _ref_ . Finally, the extracted features are fed into a Support Vector Machine (SVM) _cite_ classifier to detect face presentation attack. We train and test our proposed method on two public available databases: Replay-Attack _cite_ and OULU-NPU _cite_ . The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and excellent generalization capabilities of the proposed method in various fake face detection compared to the state-of-the-art approaches. Among the significant contributions of this present paper, we can cite: The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section II reviews the existing state-of-the-art methods of face PAD and briefly provides the development of triplet network. Section III describes our proposed color-liked space analysis based method. Section IV provides the details of experimental setup and Section V discusses the obtained results. Finally, in Section VI, we conclude the paper and discuss some directions for future research.