Database organization often requires laborious metadata annotation. For visual data, computer vision helps automatically model the database with high-dimensional ND image and ND shape features. From these, we parameterize for easy organization by embedding the high-dimensional representations into a low-dimensional space, \eg, for face expression, ascribing `amount of smile' from the high-dimensional features. This task is complicated, because most desired criteria do not map to individual features, and instead map to complicated paths lying on a manifold in the high-dimensional feature space. As such, this parameterization is accomplished either by an expert, or by supervised learning from labeled examples _cite_ . It is hard to survey a visual database of even a few thousand items, and even an expert would need time to assess the database for parameterization. This is especially time consuming for new databases, \eg, scraping the Internet and recovering unknown contents. Even after parameterization, organization tools are still restricted to only the expert-defined criteria, with no easy way for users to define new criteria for their interests, especially if they are abstract or cross typical boundaries. The ability to parameterize a database is needed: to quickly describe database variation without prior knowledge or labels; to intuitively discover low-dimensional criteria from high-dimensional models. We present an interactive system to generate continuous criteria from high-dimensional models. Interactive labeling requires efficient computation, and ideally extracts the most information from the fewest user-provided labels. Thus, we adapt a state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning algorithm for interactive use, to exploit the rich structure of unlabeled data points. To best exploit limited user interaction, our system actively suggests data points to label such that the information gain is maximized. Further, we propose a new sparse large-scale active learning strategy that enables interactive label suggestion for large datasets. To simplify parameterization, we ask the user to examples. This removes much of the burden when describing potentially abstract criteria on continuous scales. For instance, deciding that item N is more than, equal to, or less than item N is easier than quantifying that item N is N criteria units away from item N. From this ranking, our semi-supervised approach generates continuous criteria, which become in our user interface. For ND criteria, users provide example embeddings directly such that the underlying relative locations are automatically meterized. Our problem is not conventional ranking for data retrieval applications, where the goal is to classify all data instances that the given query. Instead, we wish to regress database items into continuous ND and ND criteria. We present two motivating scenarios: N) For criteria which have no well-defined answer, our system helps users define their opinion. N) For new visual databases with no metadata, where the alternative may be to laboriously hand collect labels, our system helps to quickly assess and organize the variation within the database. We show the generality of our approach across databases of images of paintings and faces, and of geometries of human bodies and man-made objects (Fig.~ _ref_) . We contribute: