~ Creating a catalogue of point sources is an important step in the science exploitation of most astronomical surveys, yet none of the existing algorithms is satisfactory at low Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) for radio interferometers . Traditionally, in radio astronomy, one extracts the noise (rms; _inline_eq_) from a ``source free'' region and then identifies sources as those peaks above a threshold, often taken to be N _inline_eq_, depending on the image quality. Next a Gaussian would be fit to the source and the respective parameters extracted. This was the strategy of the original Search And Destroy (SAD) algorithm, an AIPS~ . Although source finding has evolved and several variants developed, most of these methods suffer from the problem that the choice of the location and size of the region used for estimating the noise is susceptible to contamination from faint point sources which can lead to biases in source counts due to false positives and false negatives, especially at SNR _inline_eq_, but sometimes even at a SNR _inline_eq_ (see _cite_) . Moreover, the big data challenges posed by upcoming massive astronomical facilities such as the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) will require robust and fast source detection algorithms to leverage the full potential of the large images that will be produced. An example of the challenges that will arise is that the point spread function (PSF) of the image will now vary across the wide fields and broad bandwidths of the observations. Such complications can be tackled by BIRO, a sophisticated Bayesian forward model for the entire system, including nuisance parameters that encodes potential systematic errors (such as pointing offsets) and fits all parameters directly in the visibilities ~ . This has the advantage of being statistically rigorous and principled. However it is computationally expensive and not yet developed for practical radio interferometry purposes. An alternative is to look to machine learning to improve source detection, inspired by the human-level performance of deep learning in a wide variety of applications and is quickly becoming prevalent in astronomy; a few examples include the simulation of galaxy images, estimation of photometric redshifts, performing star-galaxy classification, transient classification and unsupervised feature-learning for galaxy Spectral Energy Distributions (SEDs) ~ . In the context of point source detection there are several conceptual advantages of machine learning over traditional approaches, including the possibility of optimising the point source detection for a given science case, by trading off completeness for purity. Deep learning is a particularly promising avenue for source detection since, once trained, the algorithms are very fast and hence well-adapted to handle the petabytes of data that will be flowing from new radio sky surveys. In this work, we use deep learning in the form of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) ~ . The main advantage of a CNN is that it automatically learns representative features from the data directly, for example in images it recovers high level features from lower lever features. On the contrary, traditional machine learning or pattern recognition algorithms require manual feature extraction to perform prediction. CNNs do not make any prior assumption on specific features but rather automatically learn the relevant descriptors directly from the pixels of the images during training. We present a deep Convolutional Neural Network for point source detection called \name, that is able to learn the structure of the correlated noise in the image and thus is able to successfully detect fainter sources. We compare \name to the Python Blob Detection Source Finder (PyBDSF, formerly known as PyBDSM~ _cite_), one of the most robust point source detection algorithms. Our primary aim is to benchmark the robustness and performance of \name compared to PyBDSF by assessing the relative completeness and purity of the two algorithms. We have limited this work to only point sources but this approach can further be explored for more complex source structures. The layout of this paper is as follows. In Section _ref_-_ref_, we present the model simulation and the data we use for this work. A detailed overview of \name is presented in Section _ref_ . The results for the different cases are illustrated and discussed in Section _ref_ .