The primary cause of mortality today is cancer and annually it causes approximately N million deaths. In comparison to all cancers, lung cancer is the most lethal, as it causes roughly N million deaths per year~ _cite_ . Low dose computed tomography (CT) scans aid radiologists in screening lung cancer and can help early diagnosis as well. CT scans have the potential to save millions of lives if they are properly observed and interpreted in the early stages of lung cancer. One major challenge in automatic detection and classification of lung cancer is the variability in the appearance of lung nodules. Lung nodules are found in distinct shapes, sizes, intensities, locations, and other characteristics, regardless of being malignant or benign. Due to these characteristics, radiographic analysis of lung nodules can lead to an under or over diagnosis. Misinterpretation in this regard can lead to unnecessary surgeries and misdiagnoses. Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD) systems help in identifying discriminative features associated with malignant and benign lung nodules. Previous contributions by Hussein et al. have shown the effectiveness of supervised learning techniques for lung nodule classification. In their work, sagittal, axial, and coronal ND patches of a CT scan are put into a ND-Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) ~ _cite_ . Extending this idea, Hussein et al. used supervised learning methodologies by fine-tuning a ND-CNN on a visual dataset and by using multitask learning techniques to focus on specific attributes such as calcification, lobulation, sphericity, speculation, margin, and texture~ _cite_ . Recent works by Goodfellow et al. proposed Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), a new framework that can learn discriminative features from images and generate realistic samples~ _cite_ . Kamnitsas et al. further investigated this framework to learn domain invariant features for unsupervised automatic brain lesion segmentation~ _cite_ . In a similar fashion, Schlegl et al. proposed AnoGANs to aid in the unsupervised detection of abnormalities in diseases found in imaging data. Their results showed that detecting anomalies, such as retinal fluid and hyper-reflective foci in brain tumors is now a possibility~ _cite_ . These related works in the realm of both supervised and unsupervised learning, show that advanced machine learning methods, particularly deep learning and GANS, have made new enlightening discoveries in the medical imaging field. Specific to recent developments both in lung cancer screening and machine learning, our contributions in this study are the following: (N) We generate realistic lung nodules using GAN for the first time in the literature. Briefly, the presented GAN framework includes a generator which maps samples from an arbitrary latent distribution to data, and an adversarial discriminator that tries to distinguish between real and generated samples as accurately as possible. While the generator's goal is to "fool" the discriminator by producing samples which are as close to real data as possible, the discriminator's role is to learn the most powerful features in order not to be deceived. (N) We perform various Visual Turing tests with radiologists to qualitatively evaluate the generated samples and to determine the success of our approach. (N) Class-specific nodules (benign or malignant) are generated. We quantitatively measure the inter-observer variations, False Recognition Rate (FRR), and True Recognition Rate (TRR) to compute the goodness of the generated examples. We believe that generating high-quality lung nodules similar to the original (real) ones is of high importance for several reasons. Throughout our experiments, we generated samples for benign only, malignant only, and a mixture of both types. These generated images allow us to discern features specific to malignant and benign nodules, which could lead to better diagnosis, train radiology residents, and model complex deep learning classifiers. To verify that our samples are similar to the original samples, we conduct a Visual Turing test. Our objective is to convince radiologists that our generated samples are actually the original samples. This will give us qualitative and quantitative measures to evaluate our generated nodules.