Cardiac cine magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is identified as the gold standard for the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The contours of the left ventricle (LV) extracted from card iac MRI can be used to calculate clinical parameters such as ventricular volume, myocardial mass, cardiac output, ejection fraction, and wall thickness. Due to the complexity of heart structure and th e large amount of cardiac MRI data, the traditional manual delineation is inefficient and labor-intensive. Therefore, methods for LV endocardium (Endo) and epicardium (Epi) segmentation are always the research hotspots in the field of cardiac MR image analysis. A considerable number of researches on fully automated or semi-automated segmentation methods for LV MR images have been proposed. The traditional methods can be divided roughly into: N) segmentation methods based on curve evolution, such as active contours _cite_ ; N) segmentation methods based on statistical shape model, such as active appearance model (AAM) _cite_, active shape model (ASM) _cite_ ; N) segmentation methods based on graph theory, such as graph cut method _cite_ ; N) segmentation methods based on the combination of neural network s and the former methods _cite_ . In recent years, driven by powerful deep neural networks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved remarkable results in the field of semantic segmentation _cite_, represented by Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) _cite_ . FCN discards all fully connected layers in classification architecture and applies a fully convolutional structure to realize pixel-wise prediction. Later, researchers propose symmetrical encoder-decoder network structure, in which the encoder uses pooling layers to gradually reduce the spatial resolution of the input image, while the decoder gradually recovers the details of the target and correspondingly spatial resolution. U-net _cite_, SegNet _cite_ and FC-DenseNet _cite_ are representatives of this network structure. CNNs-based segmentation algorithms are also applied to the left ventricular segmentation and achieve great segmentation effects. Tran _cite_ is the first person who apply FCN to cardiac MRI images segmentation and achieves a start-of-the-art result beyond previous automated methods. Romaguera _cite_ trains FCN model by using whole cardiac images as input without cropping and obtains a good performance for LV segmentation. Khened _cite_ imports modified FC-DenseNet _cite_ architecture for cardiac segmentation, which is parameter and memory efficient compared with FCN. They add parallel pathways in the initial convolution layer, and introduce short-cut connections in the upsampling path. Tan _cite_ designs three separate neural networks, which are used to locate the left ventricle, estimate the LV centerpoint, and compute the radial distances of the endocardium and epicardium, respectively. In this paper, we propose a new CNN architecture for cardiac LV segmentation which adopts a conventional encoder-decoder structure and we call it as Multi-Scale Fully Convolutional Network (MS-FCN) . A multi-scale pooling module is employed in the encoding stage while a dense connection structure is used in the decoding stage, and the effects of them are all explained in detail in the following sections. Moreover, we conduct a series of ablation experiments on the network structure. Finally, we demonstrate state-of-the-art results on the public Sunnybrook dataset, which comes from the MICCAI N Cardiac MR Left Ventricle Segmentation Challenge _cite_ .