Chest X-ray is very economical and the most commonly used imaging modality for screening and diagnosis of many lung diseases. There is an exponential growth in the number of X-ray images taken in hospitals that must be reviewed by radiologists. Manual examination of scans is time consuming and subjective. Therefore, automated systems that can assess chest X-ray images will greatly assist radiologists and health care centers in managing patients and critical operations. Moreover, automated localization and annotation of pathologies and disease areas within the scan and providing those visualization to radiologist would allow clinicians to better understand the system's assessment and evaluate its reliability. Existing object localization methods are based on patch classification _cite_, region-based convolution networks _cite_, fully convolutional neural networks _cite_ . These approaches are approach i.e., they require location-level annotation of object being detected during training phase. Acquiring such annotations is a tedious process and is expensive to perform over large data-sets. methods on the other hand, can predict the location of object of interest with only image level annotation in training time. Therefore, it bypasses the need for the bounding box location annotation of pathologies. In this paper, we propose a novel weakly supervised method based on Convolutional neural network (CNN) by leveraging the intermediate feature maps of CNN to localize the chest pathologies in X-ray images. Early works on weakly supervised methods use and for chest pathology localization in X-ray images _cite_ and cancer cell detection in histopathology images _cite_ . Recent work have shown that CNN trained using image level annotation alone can be used to localize the object of interest _cite_ . The global pooling of convolution layers in CNN retains spatial information about the discriminative regions in the image which can be used to compute the class activation map (CAM) _cite_ . CAM gives the relative importance of the layer activation at different ND spatial locations, can be used as saliency map to localize the object. In medical imaging domain, CAM based methods have been developed for tuberculosis detection in X-ray images _cite_ . In another work, soft attention map obtained from CAM have been combined with LSTM network to detect lung nodule in chest X-ray images _cite_ . Recently, _cite_ used weakly supervised method and CAM to localize the chest pathologies. These approaches, however, only use activation maps from the deepest convolution layers where the resolution of feature maps have been reduced to minimum amongst all the layers, which means localization ability of the network is dependent on the spatial resolution of the last convolution layer _cite_ . However, using feature maps from only highest convolution layers may adversely affect the localization of small pathologies. Successful localization of small pathologies, such as nodule, may increase the accuracy in incidental findings during routine check-ups and, therefore, the efficacy of chest x-ray based investigation. Therefore, we propose a weakly supervised localization method based on CNN using multiscale learning of feature maps at both shallower and deeper layers. The proposed method also learns the layer-wise relevance weights which determines the relative importance of each layer to classify a given pathology. The learned layer-wise relevance information is then used to combine the feature maps from individual layers. Thus, allowing pathologies to obtain multiscale attention map from different layers according to their relevance in classification process. The main advantage of the proposed method is its ability to localize chest pathologies of different sizes, and particularly those with small sizes which are often more challenging, using weak labels (image level annotation) only.