Model reuse~ attempts to construct a model by utilizing existing available models, mostly trained for other tasks, rather than building a model from scratch. Particularly in deep learning, since deep convolutional neural networks have achieved great success in various tasks involving images, videos, texts and more, there are several studies have the flavor of reusing deep models pre-trained on ~ . In computer vision, pre-trained models on have been successfully adopted to various usages, e.g., as universal feature extractors~, object proposal generators~, etc. In particular, proposed the SCDA (Selective Convolutional Descriptor Aggregation) method to utilize pre-trained models for both localizing a single fine-grained object (e.g., birds of different species) in each image and retrieving fine-grained images of the same classes/species in an unsupervised fashion. In this paper, we reveal that the convolutional activations can be used as a detector for the in image co-localization. Image co-localization (a.k.a. unsupervised object discovery) is a fundamental computer vision problem, which simultaneously localizes objects of the same category across a set of distinct images. Specifically, we propose a simple but effective method termed Deep Descriptor Transforming (DDT) for image co-localization. In DDT, the deep convolutional descriptors extracted from pre-trained deep convolutional models are transformed into a new space, where it can evaluate the correlations between these descriptors. By leveraging the correlations among images in the image set, the common object inside these images can be located automatically without additional supervision signals. The pipeline of DDT is shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . To our knowledge, this is to demonstrate the possibility of convolutional activations/descriptors in pre-trained models Experimental results show that DDT significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods, including image co-localization and weakly supervised object localization, in both the deep learning and hand-crafted feature scenarios. Besides, we empirically show that DDT has a good generalization ability for unseen images apart from . More importantly, the proposed method is robust, because DDT can also detect the noisy images which do not contain the common object. Thanks to the advantages of DDT, our method could be used as a tool to harvest easy-to-obtain but noisy web images. We can employ DDT to remove noisy images from webly datasets for improving image recognition accuracy. Moreover, it can be also utilized to supply object bounding boxes of web images. Then, we use these images with automatically labeled object boxes as valid external data sources to enhance object detection performance. Our main contributions are as follows: This paper is extended based on our preliminary work . Comparing with it, we now further introduce the multiple layer ensemble strategy for improving co-localization performance, provide DDT augmentation for handling web images, apply the proposed method on webly-supervised learning tasks (i.e., both recognition and detection), and supply our DDT based webly object detection dataset. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In Sec.~ _ref_, we briefly review related literature of CNN model reuse, image co-localization and webly-supervised learning. In Sec.~ _ref_, we introduce our proposed method (DDT and its variant DDT _inline_eq_) . Sec.~ _ref_ reports the image co-localization results and the results of webly-supervised learning tasks. We conclude the paper in Sec.~ _ref_ finally.