Super-resolution aims to transform low resolution (LR) images into images with high resolution (HR) . In computer vision, super-resolution is relevant for applications where high-frequency information and detailing is desirable yet not always captured, \eg medical imaging, satellite imaging, surveillance, etc. Our interest is in single image super-resolution (SISR), a special case where only one LR image is available. SISR is an ill-posed inverse problem with multiple solutions, \ie multiple HR images could lead to the same LR image after applying a low-resolution filter. SISR been solved with many different approaches. Early approaches relied on spatial relationships present in the image and include nearest neighbours~ _cite_, bi-cubic interpolation~ _cite_ . Other techniques build upon the assumption that the underlying signal is sparse, \eg compressive sensing~ _cite_ and dictionary learning~ _cite_ . These early approaches tend to yield HR images which are blurry and or noisy, due mainly to the fact that these methods are crafted heuristically. As a result, they cannot sufficiently recover enough information to yield sharp photo-realistic images. Deep learning, and more specifically, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) _cite_, has afforded significant performance gains in SISR. The newest frameworks ~ _cite_ learn feature representations for super-resolution in a supervised end-to-end manner and are achieving ever-improving performance both in terms of speed and quantitative evaluation. However, despite their impressive results, most deep networks are being used as black boxes to make point estimates. The regressed outputs represent only a mean value and give no indication of model uncertainty. In the case of SISR, this means that we make (possibly very accurate) guesses for the unknown pixels, but we have no idea how good these guesses are. This can be highly problematic for applications such as microscopy or medical imaging, where model confidence is just as important as the actual output. We would like to leverage the strong learning capabilities of deep networks and embed them within a known statistical framework for which we can derive model uncertainty. As such, we propose to solve SISR. Kriging~ _cite_ is a geostatistics method used for spatial interpolation of attributes such as topography and natural resources. It has close relations to Gaussian process (GP) regression, although some sources oversimplify and describe the two as being equivalent. The main difference is that kriging makes stationary and ergodic assumptions on the random field representing the data, while GP regression considers it as a Gaussian process. Kriging interpolates unknown values by taking a weighted average of known values and results in an unbiased estimator with minimum variance. One can solve for the weights by inverting a covariance matrix computed on the known instances. Kriging makes for a natural extension to the application of SISR, where HR images are interpolated from pixels observed in the LR version of the image. The computational cost of the kriging is cubic with respect to the number of known instances; hence it is preferable to work locally. However, interpolated results are often overly smooth and depend on the choice of the covariance function. Our contributions can be summarized as follows: