The development of deep neural networks (DNN) in recent years has achieved remarkable results not only in object detection but also in many other areas. In the early researches of object detection using DNN, much attention has been paid to representation learning that can replace hand-crafted features without much consideration on the speed of detectors. Recently, real-time detectors with low computational complexities have been actively researched. Researches on two-stage detectors, mostly based on Faster R-CNN _cite_, applied the region proposal network (RPN) and RoI pooling to the feature maps extracted by a state-of-the-art classifier, such as ResNet-N _cite_ . On the other hand, the single-stage methods such as YOLO _cite_ and SSD _cite_ removed RoI pooling layer and predict bounding boxes and corresponding class confidences directly while enabling faster detection and end-to-end learning. Especially SSD makes use of multi-scale feature maps generated from a backbone network such as VGG-N _cite_ to detect objects in various sizes. Since each of the prediction modules composed of N _inline_eq_ N convolution filters detects bounding box on each layer separately, they cannot reflect appropriate contextual information from different scales. It causes the problem named as ``Box-in-Box'' _cite_ as shown in Figure _ref_ . In the figure, we can see that SSD often detects a single object with two overlapping boxes. The smaller box has partial image such as the upper body of a person or the head of an animal. To solve the problem, _cite_ used ResNet and feature pyramid network (FPN) _cite_ structure to inject larger contextual information through deep convolutional back-bone by the use of deconvolution. However, these structures have the disadvantage of increasing the computational complexity, thus reduces detection speed, which is a key advantage of a single-stage detector. In this paper, we propose very simple ideas to solve the essential problems of multi-scale single stage detectors. First, we introduce a N-way residual block, which is a structure where the Resblock _cite_ and the deconvolution layer are added on the multi-scale feature maps. It makes detected boxes be determined with larger context and be more reliable. Second, we integrate the multiple prediction modules, which had been applied separately to each layer, into one to boost information level of feature maps from earlier layers. The proposed structure, called ``RUN; Residual features and Unified prediction Network", is a single-stage detector that combines N-way Resblock with unified prediction module on VGG-N network. RUN is not only very compact and fast compared to other ResNet-based two-stage detectors and single-stage detectors using FPN, but it also achieves superior or competitive performance compared to other competitors.