Solving an inverse problem means finding a set of model parameters that best fit observed data _cite_ . The observed data or measurements are often noisy and/or sparse and therefore lead to an ill-posed inverse problem where numerous model parameters may match the observed data _cite_ . Additionally the model used to describe how the observed data are generated, the so-called forward model, may be uncertain. Based on natural observations or an understanding of the underlying data generating process we may have a pre-conception about possible or impossible states of the model parameters. We may formulate this knowledge as a prior probability distribution function (pdf) of our model parameters and use Bayesian inference to obtain a posterior pdf of the model parameters given the observations _cite_ . Investigating the interior structure of the earth is usually an ill-posed inverse problem _cite_ . One method to explore the subsurface features of the earth is acoustic reflection seismic (Fig.~ _ref_) _cite_ . A number of recording devices (geophones) that record displacements are placed on the surface and a localized impulse provides an active source from which acoustic waves radiate. These waves propagate within the earth and are reflected from geological features back to the surface where geophones record the incoming signals. These recordings, seismographs, represent a set of spatially distributed acoustic recordings (Fig.~ _ref_) . The process of determining geological structures and properties of the rocks that match these data is called seismic inversion. Seismic inversion involves modeling the physical process of waves radiating through the earth's interior. By comparing the simulated synthetic measurements to actual acoustic recordings of reflected waves we can modify model parameters and minimize the misfit between synthetic data and true measurements. The adjoint of the partial-differential equation defines a gradient of the data mismatch leading to gradient-based optimization of model parameters _cite_ . The set of parameters represented by the spatial distribution of the acoustic velocity of the rocks within the earth can easily exceed _inline_eq_ values depending on the resolution of the simulation grid and the observed data. Large three-dimensional seismic observations may require billions of parameters to be inverted for, demanding enormous computational resources _cite_ . Direct observations of the earth's interior are extremely difficult to obtain. Bore-holes may have been drilled for hydrocarbon exploration/development or hydrological measurements. These represent a quasi one-dimensional source of information of an extremely localized nature. Typical bore-hole sizes are on the order of Ns of centimeters in diameter whereas the resolution of seismic observations is usually on the order of Ns of meters. Nevertheless, we can deduce prior knowledge of the earth's interior from surface observations and exposed geological features. The principle of gradualism _cite_ states that processes governing the earth's surface today are the same processes that controlled the deposition and erosion of ancient geological features now buried deep within the earth. This geological knowledge can be incorporated into prior distributions of physical properties of rocks, such as the acoustic p-wave velocity, or into geological features such as geological facies and fault distributions within the earth. Efficient parameterizations _cite_ that allow a dimensionality reduced representation of the high-dimensional parameter space of possible models may allow for improved inversion techniques. Due to the high computational cost incurred by inversion _cite_, probabilistic ensembles of models that match observed data are rarely generated and often only a single model that satisfies pre-defined quality criteria is created and used for interpretation and decision making processes. We parameterize a set of geological features by a deep generative model that creates stochastic realizations of possible model parameters. The probabilistic distribution of model parameters is parameterized by a lower-dimensional set of normally distributed latent variables. Combined with a generative deep neural network this represents a differentiable prior on the possible model parameters. We combine this differentiable generative model with the numerical solution of the acoustic wave equation to produce synthetic acoustic observations of the earth's interior _cite_ . Using the adjoint method _cite_, we compute a gradient with respect to model parameters not directly in the high-dimensional model space, but in the much smaller set of latent variables. These gradients are required to perform a Metropolis-adjusted Langevin (MALA) sampling of the posterior of the model parameters given the observed seismic data. Performing MALA sampling allows us to obtain a diverse ensemble of model parameters that match the observed seismic data. Additional constraints on the generative model, such as information located at an existing bore-hole, are readily incorporated and included in the MALA sampling procedure. We summarize our contributions as follows: