Computed tomography (CT) is the most commonly used medical imaging technique to assess the severity of brain hemorrhage in case of traumatic brain injury (TBI) . The diagnosis of hemorrhage following TBI is extremely time-critical as even a delay of few minutes can cause loss of life. Traditional methods involve visual inspection by radiologists and quantitative estimation of the size of hematoma and midline shift manually. The entire procedure is time-consuming and requires the availability of trained radiologists at every moment. Therefore, automated hemorrhage detection tools capable of providing fast inference, which is also accurate to the level of radiologists; hold the potential to save thousands of patient lives. Deep learning-based automated diagnosis approaches have been gaining interest in recent years, mainly due to their faster inference and ability to perform complex cognitive tasks, which otherwise required specialized expertise and experience. In this work, we have sought applicability of deep learning for hemorrhage detection from brain CT scans. Taking motivation from real-world where radiologists take decision for each slice by combining information from neighboring slices; we have modeled ND CT labeling task as a combination of slice-level classification task and a sequence labeling task to incorporate ND inter-slice context. This is done by combining Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) network. We used DenseNet architecture _cite_ as baseline CNN for learning slice-level features and bidirectional LSTM for combining spatial dependencies between slices. In addition, we used the prior information about hemorrhagic region of interest to focus DenseNet s attention towards relevant features. We refer to our modified architecture as Recurrent Attention DenseNet (RADnet) . For any automated system to be deployable in clinical emergency set-up, reliable estimation along with high sensitivity to the level of human specialists is required. This necessitates the need to benchmark against specialists in the field. To this end, we have benchmarked the performance of RADnet against three senior radiologists. In the following sections, we first go through the related work in the field. Section N describes the implementation details including architecture and training details of RADnet. Section N represents the comparison results between RADnet and three senior radiologists. The possible caveats in the proposed approach and required future work are discussed in section N. Many deep learning approaches have been proposed for medical image classification _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ as well as segmentation tasks _cite_ _cite_ . Some studies have also reported quite promising results as compared to previously existing automated analysis approaches. However, only a few studies have benchmarked their methods against the accuracy of human specialists. Rajpurkar and Hannun et. al. have presented a N-layer convolutional network that detects arrhythmia from electrocardiogram (ECG) data with cardiologists level accuracy _cite_ . Another study has reported super-human accuracy in ND neuron reconstruction from electron microscopic brain images _cite_ . Lieman-Sifryet. al. have recently reported a plausible real-world solution for automated cardiac segmentation _cite_ . Taking a step forward in the same direction, we have validated the performance of RADnet against annotations obtained from senior radiologists. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work reporting a deep learning solution for brain hemorrhage detection that has been validated against human specialists in the field. Several attention mechanisms have been previously utilized to increase focus of the neural network towards salient features _cite_ _cite_ . Existing attention mechanisms can be divided in the categories of hard and soft attention. Hard attention methods shift attention from one part of image to another part through sampling the images _cite_ . Whereas, soft attention methods utilize probabilistic attention maps to focus on certain features more than the others _cite_, for instance, the features corresponding to specific task _cite_ or different scale objects _cite_ . The attention method described by us is slightly different from the existing approaches in the way that it makes use of prior information available in form of contours delineating hemorrhagic regions. The combination of CNN architectures with LSTM has been extensively explored for tasks that require modeling long-term spatial dependencies within image e.g. image captioning _cite_ and action recognition _cite_ ; or temporal dependencies between consecutive frames e.g. video recognition tasks _cite_ . Recently, a few studies on biomedical imaging have explored this architecture for leveraging inter-slice dependencies in ND images _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ . Our approach is more similar to the latter approaches in that it models ND aspect of medical images as a sequence.