Early detection of sclerotic bone metastases plays an important role in clinical practice. Their detection can assess the staging of the patient's disease, and therefore has the potential to alter the treatment regimen the patient will undergo . Approximately N, N patients per year are affected by metastatic diseases of the skeletal structures in the United States alone . More than N \% of these bone metastases are thought to originate from breast and prostate cancer . As a ubiquitous screening and staging modality employed for disease detection in cancer patients, Computed Tomography (CT) is commonly involved in the detection of bone metastases. Both lytic and sclerotic metastatic diseases change or deteriorate the bone structure and bio-mechanically weaken the skeleton. Sclerotic metastases grow into irregularly mineralized and disorganized ``woven'' bone . Typical examples of sclerotic metastases are shown in Fig. _ref_ . The detection of sclerotic metastases often occurs during manual prospective visual inspection of every image (of which there may be thousands) and every section of every image in each patient's CT study. This is a complex process that is performed under time restriction and which is prone to error. Furthermore, thorough manual assessment and processing is time-consuming and has potential to delay the clinical workflow. Computer-Aided Detection (CADe) of sclerotic metastases has the potential to greatly reduce the radiologists' clinical workload and could be employed as a second reader for improved assessment of disease . The CADe method presented here aims to build upon an existing system for sclerotic metastases detection and focuses on reducing the false-positive (FP) number of its outputs. We make use of recent advances in computer vision, in particular deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), to attain this goal. Recently, the availability of large annotated training sets and the accessibility of affordable parallel computing resources via GPUs has made it feasible to train ``deep'' CNNs (also popularized under the keyword: ``deep learning'') for computer vision classification tasks. Great advances in classification of natural images have been achieved . Studies that have tried to apply deep learning and CNNs to medical imaging applications also showed promise, e.g. . In particular, CNNs have been applied successfully in biomedical applications such as digital pathology . In this work, we apply CNNs for the reduction of FPs using random sets of ND CNN observations. Our motivation is partially inspired by the spirit of hybrid systems using both parametric and non-parametric models for hierarchical coarse-to-fine classification .