Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been shown to achieve state-of-the-art results on various computer vision tasks, such as image classification. Their architectures have largely drawn inspiration by models of the primate visual system, as the one described by Hubel and Wiesel _cite_ . The notion of convolution, used to mimic a functional aspect of neurons in the visual cortex, is critical to understand their success. Typical convolutional layers are linear systems, as their outputs are affine transformations of their inputs. Due to their linear nature, they lack the ability of expressing possible non-linearities that may actually appear in the response of complex cells in the primary visual cortex _cite_ . Hence, we claim that their expressiveness is limited. To overcome this, various non-linearities have been used as activation functions inside CNNs, while also many pooling strategies have been applied. Little effort has been devoted to explore new computational models that extend the convolution technique to non-linear forms, taking advantage of the research results of neuroscience, that prove the existence of non-linear operations in the response of visual cells _cite_ _cite_ . The complexity of human visual cortex demonstrates gaps that need to be bridged by CNNs, regarding the way convolution operations are applied. One of these gaps, is the exploration of higher-order models. In this work, we study the possibility of adopting an alternative convolution scheme to increase the learning capacity of CNNs by applying Volterra's theory _cite_, which has been used to study non-linear physiological systems, adapting it to the spatial domain. Considering the convolution operation, instead of summing only linear terms to compute a filter's response on a data patch, we propose to also sum the non-linear terms produced by multiplicative interactions between all the pairs of elements of the input data patch. Transforming the inputs through a second-order form, we aim at making them more separable. In this way, convolution filters with more rich properties in terms of selectivity and invariance are created. The novelties of the proposed work are: The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in Section _ref_, related work is outlined. In Section _ref_, the proposed method is described, theoretically grounded to Volterra's computational method, and the concept of training is mathematically explained, while a description of our scheme's practical implementation is given in Section _ref_ . In Section _ref_ experimental results on CIFAR-N and CIFAR-N datasets are drawn and finally in Section _ref_ the paper is concluded.