With the development of science and technology, image acquisition devices are becoming more and more abundant. At the same time, image editing tools are becoming common and anyone can easily modify the images. So multimedia forensics are needed to prevent malicious tampering to the images for illegal benefits. One of the import topics in multimedia forensics is source camera identification. A series of operations inside the camera would be performed when we capture a digital image. These processes could bring some inherent traces left in the image, such as lens aberration _cite_, defective pixels _cite_, CFA interpolation artifacts _cite_, JPEG compression _cite_, image quality evaluation index and high order statistics in wavelet domain _cite_ or Sesor Pattern Nosie (SPN) _cite_, which is the key to finding the source camera of an image. Sensor Pattern Noise (SPN) generated by digital cameras has drawn more attention. The SPN arises primarily from the manufacturing imperfections and the inhomogeneity of silicon wafers. It can not be affected by the environment. However, two things need to be considered for these methods based on SPN. Firstly, the quality of SPN extracted from image depends on the image content. And the second one is that the detection performance could be decreased with the reduction of image size. The convolutional neural network (CNN) has recently achieved better performance than traditional schemes in digital image forensics _cite_ . There are two common characters for these algorithms. Firstly, considering the different tasks between computer vision and image forensics, the researches focusing on image forensics usually add preprocessing operations into convolutional nerual network architecture, which can amplify the inter-class difference and reduce the impact of the image content. For example, median filter, Laplacian filter, and high-pass filter are applied in median filtering forensics, recapture forensics, and source camera identification, respectively. Secondly, according to the reports in these works, the convolutional nerual networks is suit for dealing with small-size images. In this paper, we propose a content-adaptive fusion network to achieve the source camera identification for small-size images. Firstly, we choose a convolutional layer in preprocessing stage. Because that the special filtering operation in preprocessing stage is for amplifying the interclass difference and reduce the impact of the image content. However, some useful informations inside the images could also be lost. Adding the convolutional layer in perprocessing stage can makes the convolutional neural networks learn content-adaptive convolutional kernels from input data. What's more, in order to capture more comprehensive information, three adaptive-content convolutional neural networks, CAN-CNN, CAN-CNN, CAN-CNN, are paralleled together to construct the content-adaptive fusion network (CAF-CNN) . The difference between three CA-CNNs is the convolutional kernel size in the preprocession. The effectiveness of proposed method is vaildated in the experiments. The detection performances of proposed method on four kinds of cases are discussed: camera brand idenfication, camera model idenfication, camera device identification, and source camera identification that fusing different brand, model, and device. The experimental results show that the proposed method is practicable and satisfactory. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Section N describes the related work; Section N presents the details of the algorithm proposed in this work; Section N includes the experimental results; conclusions are given in section N.