In the last decades, Biometrics emerged as a robust solution for automated people recognition. Among the main biometric traits, face is one of the most convenient since its capture does not require much user collaboration and cameras are present almost everywhere, including in mobile devices _cite_ . Currently, state-of-the-art methods for face recognition and authentication are based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) _cite_, deep neural networks inspired on the inner working of human brain, which have presented great accuracy results in many complex tasks involving images. CNNs have been applied in different face recognition and authentication systems, including in commercial ones. According to _cite_, financial institutions must have effective and reliable methods to authenticate their customers. An effective authentication system should protect customers' data, prevent money laundering and terrorist financing, reduce fraud, inhibit identity theft and promote the legal enforceability of the agreements on electronic transactions _cite_ . Performing financial transactions with unauthorized or improperly identified people in a banking environment results in huge financial losses, damage to the reputation of the financial company, and breach of bank secrecy. In this context, banks are investing in robust methods for automated face-based authentication _cite_ in order to improve the user experience of their systems, especially in mobile banking, as well as to prevent frauds. A tendency nowadays in the financial industry is the usage of facial images from different sources (cross-domain problem), usually photographs of ID documents and digital self-portraits (selfies), for user authentication in order to allow the automated opening of new checking accounts, e.g., or the authorization of financial transactions and the registration of mobile devices~ _cite_ . Actually, the comparison of selfies and IDs for people recognition has also been applied to another wide variety of tasks nowadays, such as the automated immigration control, performed by many countries in our days, especially in their airports. In this work, besides of collecting a novel and large cross-domain face database, which we called FaceBank, composed of N, N real facial images of selfies and ID documents (N, N subjects) captured from the systems of the major public Brazilian bank, the largest dataset of this kind, to the best of our knowledge, we propose a novel architecture for the cross-domain face matching problem based on two well-referenced CNNs, VGG-Face _cite_ and OpenFace~ _cite_, by extracting deep and robust features from the facial images, combining them, and by training effective classifiers in order to identify genuine and imposter cross-domain matchings, a complex problem given the significant differences in the facial images captured from the different sources. We also apply some normalization techniques to the images and to their feature vectors in order to better address the cross-domain issues. Results show that the proposed architecture presented great accuracy rates, higher than N \%, and low processing times, being suitable for the usage in real security systems. Although VGG-Face has been a bit more accurate than OpenFace for feature extraction, the latter one is much more efficient. This paper is organized as follows: Section~ _ref_ presents an overview on banking systems and identity fraud; Section~ _ref_ briefly describes some studies on cross-domain face matching; Section~ _ref_ presents the FaceBank dataset; Section~ _ref_ describes the proposed approach for cross-domain deep face matching; Sections~ _ref_ and _ref_ present the experiments, results, some discussions and conclusion.