In Europe the N \% of the CT scans cover the thoracic region _cite_ . Improvements in CT scanner technology-specifically provide during routine chest examination, heart images much less degraded by cardiac motion artifacts and that allow detailed evaluation of the cardiac structures _cite_ . Therefore, the acquired images actually contain good quality information about the cardiovascular system that often remains latent, due to the lack of contrast in the cardiac area. On the other hand, the contrast enhanced computed tomography (CECT) represents an imaging technique that allows to easily assess the cardiac chambers volumes and the contrast dynamics _cite_ . In fact, from the clinical point of view, it is important to define the morphology of the cardiac chambers to identify any patients affected by cardiopathies or valvular pathologies. A physician, viewing several CECT cardiac images, develops visual memories related to the contrast medium distribution in the cardiac chambers, updating and enriching those memories based on experience and on prior knowledge. As a matter of fact, the acquired expertise allows clinicians to transfer information about the shapes and positions of left atrium (LA) and the left ventricle (LV) onto an image where they are not visible, thanks to imagery and memory retrieval operations _cite_ . In computer science the deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) architecture, inspired by the biology of the human visual system, has achieved breakthrough performance in image analysis. This has brought us to develop a DCNN model able to create a contrast enhanced image from a non-contrast enhanced one. In this work we demonstrate how employing a DCNN model it is possible to synthesized an image characterized by an attenuation in the left cardiac chambers as if a virtually iodine contrast medium was injected. In addition, by exploiting the DCNN capability to extract features with spatial and contrast invariance _cite_, we suggest that the designed model is able to mimic the human visual memory system outperforming an expert radiologist in the volumetric assessment of left heart chambers.