The very first step in most face recognition systems is to represent the facial images as feature vectors. After obtaining the representation, various learning algorithms can be applied to perform the task of classification, verification or searching. Performance of the algorithms heavily depends on the choice of representation. For that reason, considerable efforts have been devoted to designing better representation based on the prior knowledge of face images. Despite the progress in this direction, the current state-of-the-art system on the LFW benchmark is built upon the hand-crafted LBP descriptor~ _cite_ which was proposed more than a decade ago. Even worse, _cite_ 's experiments showed that most hand-crafted features only gave similar results under the high-dimensional learning framework. It is arguably claimed that traditional hand-crafted representations suffered from a visible performance bottleneck and most of them were making different tradeoffs between discriminative ability and robustness. To upgrade the performance, numerous learning algorithms are employed to infer better face representation. However, most of these methods are complicated multi-stage systems and optimized separately for each module. Figure~ _ref_ lists some typical methods used in each stage. The pipeline consists of pre-processing~ _cite_, low-level encoding, feature transformation~ _cite_ and higher level representation. The careful tuning of each individual module is very labor-intensive. More important, it is unclear how to ensure the performance of the whole system by optimizing each module individually. In this paper, we present a unified and very easy-to-implement framework for face representation learning. Our method bases on a new structure of deep convolutional neural network (called Pyramid CNN) with supervised learning signals in the form of face pairs. Our network extracts features directly from image pixel and outputs a highly-compact representation after training of a huge number of face images. With a specially designed operation of filter-and-down-sample, our network can be trained very fast and computation-efficient and achieve high recognition accuracy with an extreme compact feature (only N dimensions) . In addition, the structure of our Pyramid CNN can naturally incorporate feature sharing across multi-scale face representations, increasing the discriminative ability of resulting representation significantly. With our multi-scale feature sharing network, we achieve the state-of-the-art performance (_inline_eq_) on LFW benchmark. To validate the generalization ability of our learned representation, we introduce a new face benchmark collected from realistic face images on social network. Experiments shows that our method outperforms the traditional face representation methods significantly. The contributions of this paper are summarized as follows: