Sound source localization plays an important role in array signal processing with wide applications in communication, sonar and robotics systems~ _cite_ . It is a focal topic in the scientific literature on acoustic array signal processing with a continuing challenge being acoustic source localization in the presence of interfering multipath arrivals~ _cite_ . In practice, conventional passive narrowband sonar array methods involve frequency-domain beamforming of the outputs of hydrophone elements in a receiving array to detect weak signals, resolve closely-spaced sources, and estimate the direction of a sound source. Typically, N-N sensors form a linear array with a uniform interelement spacing of half a wavelength at the array's design frequency. However, this narrowband approach has application over a limited band of frequencies. The upper limit is set by the design frequency, above which grating lobes form due to spatial aliasing, leading to ambiguous source directions. The lower limit is set one octave below the design frequency because at lower frequencies the directivity of the array is much reduced as the beamwidths broaden. An alternative approach to sound source localization is to measure the time difference of arrival (TDOA) of the signal at an array of spatially distributed receivers~ _cite_, allowing the instantaneous position of the source to be estimated. The accuracy of the source position estimates is found to be sensitive to any uncertainty in the sensor positions~ _cite_ . Furthermore, reverberation has an adverse effect on time delay estimation, which negatively impacts sound source localization~ _cite_ . In a model-based approach to broadband source localization in reverberant environments, a model of the so-called early reflections (multipaths) is used to subtract the reverberation component from the signals. This decreases the bias in the source localization estimates~ _cite_ . The approach adopted here uses a minimum number of sensors (no more than three) to localize the source, not only in bearing, but also in range. Using a single sensor, the instantaneous range of a broadband signal source is estimated using the cepstrum method~ _cite_ . This method exploits the interaction of the direct path and multipath arrivals, which is observed in the spectrogram of the sensor output as a Lloyd’s mirror interference pattern~ _cite_ . Generalized cross-correlation (GCC) is used to measure the TDOA of a broadband signal at a pair of sensors which enables estimations of the source bearing. Furthermore, adding another sensor so that all three sensor positions are collinear enables the source range to be estimated using the two TDOA measurements from the two adjacent sensor pairs. The range estimate corresponds to the radius of curvature of the spherical wavefront as it traverses the receiver array. This latter method is commonly referred to as passive ranging by wavefront curvature~ _cite_ . However, its source localization performance can become problematic in multipath environments when there is a large number of extraneous peaks in the GCC function attributed to the presence of multipaths, and when the direct path and multipath arrivals are unresolvable (resulting in TDOA estimation bias) . Also, its performance degrades as the signal source direction moves away from the array's broadside direction and completely fails at endfire. Note that this is not the case with the cepstrum method with its omnidirectional ranging performance being independent of source direction. Recently, Deep Neural Networks (DNN) based on supervised learning methods have been applied to acoustic tasks such as speech recognition~ _cite_, terrain classification~ _cite_, and source localization tasks~ _cite_ . A challenge for supervised learning methods for source localization is their ability to adapt to acoustic conditions that are different from the training conditions. The acoustic characteristics of a shallow water environment are non-stationary with high levels of clutter, background noise, and multiple propagation paths making it a difficult environment for DNN methods. A CNN is proposed that uses generalized cross-correlation (GCC) and cepstral feature maps as inputs to estimate both the range and bearing of an acoustic source passively in a shallow water environment. The CNN method has an inherent advantage since it considers all GCC and cepstral values that are physically significant when estimating the source position. Other approaches involving time delay estimation typically consider only a single value (a peak) in the GCC or cepstogram. The CNNs are trained using real, multi-channel acoustic recordings of a surface vessel underway in a shallow water environment. CNNs operating on cepstrum or GCC feature map inputs only are also considered and their performances compared. The proposed model is shown to localize sources with greater performance than a conventional passive sonar localization method which uses TDOA measurements. Generalization performance of the networks is tested by ranging another vessel with different radiated noise characteristics. The original contributions of this work are: