In recent years, deep neural networks (DNNs) have attracts tremendous attentions from a wide range of research areas related to signal and information processing. State-of-the-art performances have been achieved with DNN techniques on various challenging tasks and applications, such as speech recognition~, object recognition~, multimedia event detection~, etc. Almost all the current DNNs are real-valued-weight Mutlilayer Neural Networks (RMNNs) . However, an effective RMNNs are often massive and require large computational and energetic resources. For example, GoogLeNet has N layers with tens of thousands of hidden units~ . MNNs with binary weights (BMNNs) have the advantage that they can be implemented efficiently on dedicated hardware. For example, have presented a chip which enable _inline_eq_ multiply accumulates per second per mW power efficiency with binary weights. Thus, it is attractive to develop effective algorithms for BMNNs to achieve comparable performances with RMNNs. Traditional MNNs are trained with BackPropagation (BP) or similar gradient descent methods. However, BP or gradient descent methods cannot be directly used for training binary neural networks. A straightforward method for this problem is to binarize the real-valued weights, while this approach will decrease the performance significantly. Recently, ~ presented an Expectation BackPropagation (EBP) algorithm, which can support online training of MNNs with either continuous or discrete weight values. Experiments on several large text datasets show promising performances on binary classification tasks with binary-weighted MNNs~ . As an extension of the previous work by ~, in this work, we study the performance of EBP algorithm on image classification tasks with binary and real weights MNNs. Besides, we investigate the effects of different factors, such as network depth, layer size and dropout strategies, on the performance of EBP algorithm in image classification. This study explores the possibility of using BMNNs for the multimedia supervised classification tasks.