In recent days diabetic retinopathy (DR) is one of the most common severe eye diseases causing blindness in developing and developed countries. According to WHO _cite_ DR is the primary pathology for N \% of the N million blindness cases around the world. Since DR is a progressive disease, early stage detection and treatment can save the patient from losing sight. For analyzing progress in disease fundus image of patient need be checked regularly. Fast and reliable automatic computer aided diagnosis system will reduce the burden on specialists and will give better performance for DR mass screening. In most of the DR screening system sensitivity and specificity is used as efficiency measurement. In general, MA appears as the first lesson for diabetic retinopathy. Reliable detection of MA has major importance for diabetics screening purpose. In color fundus images MA appears as small red dots with the very small radius less than that of the major optic vain. In reality, these are tiny swollen capillaries in the retina, can discharge blood leading to other pathological symptoms such as exudates, hemorrhages etc. Various challenges such as vessels bifurcations and crossing, illumination and contrast changes, artifacts, degradation of the image due to imaging device setup etc. appear in automatic fundus image based DR screening system. A full proof DR screening system is capable of the detection of clinical features such as exudate, MA, hemorrhages, cotton wool spots and blood vessel damages. A recent state-of-the-art method for exudate and cotton wool spots detection was presented by Haloi et al. _cite_ . The MA detection is a well-investigated research area for DR mass screening system. Our motivation of these works is to present a new method to detect MA under the different challenging situation and to achieve high sensitivity and specificity. Fig.~ _ref_ depicts typical retinal image with pathological features such as microaneurysms, exudates etc and non-pathological features such as the optic disc, the macula etc. The complexity of MA detection can be observed from Fig.~ _ref_ . Most of the MA detection works presented till now have a common pipeline of three to four stages; first preprocessing the image, secondly manual feature extraction followed by classification and a postprocessing step. Also, the use of the high contrast green channel of the fundus image is very common in MA detection research. In general, existing methods used a morphological method, filtering based and supervised classification using hand crafted features etc. Antal et al. _cite_ had developed ensemble-based microaneurysms detection system and claimed first prize in ROC online challenge and also achieved a good result on another dataset. They have ensemble several preprocessing and candidate extraction method to develope their final model. But they didn't addressed the problems of degradation and illuminance changes. Also Quellec et al. _cite_ Proposed template matching-based method for MA detection in wavelet domain and developed optimally adapted wavelet family. Their method prone false detection and true rejection due to haemorrhages and big vessels respectively. Neijmer et al. _cite_ combined previously existed method for candidate extraction and used pixel-wise classification using manually designed features. In another works by pereira et al. _cite_ exploited multi-agent system for MA segmentation preceded by gaussian and kirsch filter based preprocessing. Final MA candidates evolves from multi-agent interaction with preprocessed image. Lazer et al. _cite_ microaneurysms was detected using rotating cross section profiles based method which depends on circularity and diameter of MAs. For each profiles peak was detected and features such as size, height and shape was calculated. In this work, we propose a deep learning based pixel-wise MA classification method invariant to luminance, contrast changes and artifacts. No image based preprocessing or feature extraction stages is required. In addition to that this method performance independent on vessel structures, the optic disc and the fovea. Hence extraction or detection of these features are not required. To increase the accuracy of the method dropout training with maxout activation function is used. Training of this network is time consuming but testing phase is very fast and suitable for real-time applications. We have achieved state-of-the-art performance with a very low false positive rate on publicly available datasets.