Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is one of the main causes of blindness among the working-age population. It is one of the most feared complications of diabetes. The fundamental problem of DR is that it becomes incurable at advanced stages, so early diagnosis is important. However, this involves remarkable difficulty in the health care system due to a large number of potential patients and the small number of experienced technicians. This has motivated the need to develop automated diagnosis systems to assist in early diagnosis of DR. Several attempts have been made in this direction, and several approaches based on hand-engineered features have been proposed, which have shown promising efficiency in recognizing DR regions in retinal fundus images. Hand-engineered features are commonly used with traditional machine-learning (ML) methods for DR diagnosis. Different surveys have reviewed these traditional methods _cite_ . For example, categorized DR diagnosis according to the adopted methodologies, such as mathematical morphology, retinal lesion tracking, thresholding and deformable models, clustering-based models, matched filtering models and hybrid approaches. reviewed algorithms that extract lesion features from fundus images, such as the blood vessel area, exudes, hemorrhages, microaneurysms and texture. reviewed the early research on exudate detection. provided an overview of algorithms to segment retinal vessels. and reviewed several methods for optic disc segmentation and diagnosis of glaucoma. However, expert knowledge is a prerequisite for hand-engineered features, and choosing the appropriate features requires intensive investigation of various options and tedious parameter settings. Moreover, techniques based on hand-engineered features do not generalize well. In recent years, the availability of huge datasets and the tremendous computing power offered by graphics processing units (GPUs) have motivated research on deep-learning algorithms, which have shown outstanding performance in various computer vision tasks and have gained a decisive victory over traditional hand-engineered-based methods. Many deep-learning (DL)-based algorithms have also been developed for various tasks to analyze retinal fundus images to develop automatic computer-aided diagnosis systems for DR. This paper reviews the latest DL algorithms used in DR detection, highlighting the contributions and challenges of recent research papers. First, we provide an overview of various DL approaches and then review the DL-based techniques for DR diagnosis. Finally, we summarize future directions, gaps and challenges in designing and training deep neural networks for DR diagnosis. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: automatic detection of DR, types of lesions, DR stages, grading of DR, detection tasks and the detection framework are presented in Section _ref_ . After that, public-domain DR datasets and common performance metrics are briefly described in Section _ref_ . An overview of DL techniques used in DR diagnosis is given in Section _ref_ . The most recent research based on DL for DR diagnosis are reviewed in Section _ref_ . This research is discussed in Section _ref_ . Finally, research gaps and future directions with conclusion are presented in Sections _ref_ and _ref_ .