The problem of ND hand pose estimation can be formulated as the configuration of the variables representing a hand model given depth images. The problem is challenging with complicated variations caused by high Degree of Freedom (DoF) articulations, multiple viewpoints, self-similar parts, severe self-occlusions, different shapes and sizes. With these variations, configurations of the hand variables given a depth image lie in a high-dimensional space. Many prior works have achieved good performance by different methods~ _cite_ . Among the discriminative methods that learn the mapping from the depth images to the hand pose configurations, Sun~ {\it et al.} ~ _cite_ refine the hand pose by two levels of a hierarchy (palm, and fingers) in a cascaded manner by viewpoint-invariant pixel difference features in random forest. Oberweger~ {\it et al.} ~ _cite_ apply the cascaded method to CNN for iteratively refining partial poses, initialized by the full hand pose estimation. The discriminative and generative methods are combined in a hierarchy in the Hierarchical Sampling Optimization (HSO) ~ _cite_ . In each layer, random forests are first used to regress partial poses and a partial joint energy function is introduced to evaluate the results and select the best one to the next layer. The hierarchical optimization with refinement that estimates the hand pose in the order of articulation complexity of the hand is a promising framework as the searching space is decomposed into smaller parts and the refinement leads to more accurate results. However, the method in~ _cite_ and the discriminative part of HSO~ _cite_ only focus on breaking down the complexity in the output space hierarchically, i.e., decomposing the hand variables; in other words, the hierarchical strategy is carried out in the output space while the input space or the feature space stays the same along the hierarchy. For the cascaded refinement~ _cite_, the input or feature space is only partially updated with results from previous stages, either by cropping or rotating, and the features~ _cite_ are computed on the original whole images in each iteration. In addition, the optimization of the energy function is performed in a brute force way in~ _cite_ . In this paper, we propose a hybrid method with iterative (cascade) refinement for hand pose estimation, illustrated in Fig N, which not only applies the hierarchical strategy to the output space but also the feature space of the discriminative part and the optimization of the energy function of the generative part. For the discriminative part, a spatial attention mechanism is introduced to integrate cascaded (with multiple stages) and hierarchical (with multiple layers) regression into a CNN framework by transforming both the input (and feature space) and the output space. In the transformed space, the viewpoint and articulation variations of the feature space and the output space is largely reduced, which greatly simplifies the estimation. Along the hierarchy, with the spatial attention mechanism, the features for the initial stage of each layer are spatially transformed from input images based on the estimation results of the last stage of the previous layer. Within each layer, the features are iteratively updated by the spatial attention mechanism. By this dynamic spatial attention mechanism, not only the most relevant features for the hand variable estimation are selected but also the features are transformed to a canonical, expected viewpoint gradually, which simplifies the estimations in the following stages and layers. As such, discriminative features are extracted for each partial pose estimation in each iteration. In this way, we learn a deep net with spatial transformation tailored towards our hand pose estimation problem. In the generative part, the optimization organized in the hierarchy prevents error accumulation from previous layers. Between the levels of the hierarchy, partial PSO with a new energy function is incorporated to enforce hand kinematic constraints. It generates samples under the Gaussian distribution centered on the results of the discriminative method, and selects estimations within the hand kinematic constraints. The search space of the generative method is largely reduced by estimating partial poses. To evaluate our method, extensive experiments have been conducted on three public benchmarks. The experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on these datasets.