Mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) is a growing public health problem, which can lead to a variety of problems including persistent headache, memory and attention deficits, as well as affective symptoms. A building body of works show that diffusion MRI can reveal subtle brain injury; however, no single imaging metric has been shown to be sufficient as an independent biomarker _cite_-_cite_ . While diffusion MRI is extremely promising in the study of mTBI, a definitive method of diagnosing patients with recent mTBI remains a challenge. Both gray matter such as the thalamus, and white matter such as the corpus callosum (CC) and frontal deep white matter have been repeatedly implicated as areas at high risk for injury in the literature. While there have been a few previous studies using machine learning for mTBI identification from MR images _cite_-_cite_, the features used in those works are mainly hand-crafted and may not be the most discriminative features for this task. In this work, we develop a machine learning framework to classify mTBI patients and controls using features extracted from diffusion MRI in the thalamus and corpus callosum, two regions highly implicated in imaging based on previous works _cite_-_cite_ . The main challenge for using a machine learning approach is that we only have limited samples (N subjects), and each sample has a very high dimensional raw representation (multiple ND volumes) . Therefore, it is not possible to directly train a classification network using the raw MRI volume data as the input. We propose a new approach for feature extraction from MR images, where we first learn the feature representation of patches using a deep unsupervised learning approach _cite_, and then aggregate the features from different patches through a bag of word representation, and use them along with demographic and neuro-cognitive test features as the overall feature vector. We then use feature selection followed by a classification algorithm to identify mTBI patients. The block diagram of the overall algorithm is shown in Fig. N. Through experimental study, we show that by learning patch level deep features and aggregating them through a bag of word representation for each brain region, we can achieve much higher accuracy compared to using mean values of the various MR metrics in each region. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section II provides the description of the proposed framework. Section III provides the experimental studies and comparison to other works. And finally the paper is concluded in Section IV.