Atrial fibrillation is the most common cardiac electrical disorder, which happens around left atrium and becomes a major cause of stroke _cite_ . Ablation therapy guided by MR imaging is a popular treatment solution for atrial fibrillation. Segmenting left atrium in MR scan can benefit the preoperative assessment, determine the catheter size in pulmonary veins, optimize the therapy plan and reduce fluoroscopy time. However, confined by low efficiency and reproducibility, manually segmenting the left atrium tends to be intractable _cite_ . \par As illustrated in Fig. _ref_, except the poor image quality, automatically segmenting left atrium with pulmonary veins in MR volume is very challenging. Firstly, left atrium only occupies a small ratio when compared with the background, which makes it difficult for algorithm to localize and recognize the boundary details. Secondly, due to the similar intensity with surrounding chambers and the thin myocardial wall with respect to the limited MR resolution, boundary ambiguity and deficiency often occur around the atrium and pulmonary veins. Thirdly, the shape and size of left atrium vary greatly across different subjects and timepoints. Also, the topological arrangement of pulmonary veins, especially the number of veins, presents weak pattern in population _cite_ . \par Automated left atrium segmentation retains intensive research interest. Deformable model _cite_, atlas based label fusion _cite_ and non-rigid registration _cite_ are typical methods for atrium included cardiovascular structure segmentation. However, these methods depend heavily on the hand-crafted statistical modeling and lack generalization ability against unseen cases, such as the left atrium with rare number of pulmonary veins. In the deep learning era, this segmentation task is embracing new opportunities. Stacked sparse auto-encoders _cite_, Fully Convolutional Network _cite_ and Convolutional LSTM _cite_ were deployed in a ND fashion for left atrium segmentation. On the other hand, networks in ND fashion have also been explored _cite_ . The superiority between ND and ND fashion is arguable and case-by-case _cite_ . Although networks in both ND and ND achieved remarkable performance, preserving segmentation details in varying scales and tackling classification ambiguity around boundary are overlooked in previous work. \par In this paper, we propose a deep network based solution for automated left atrium segmentation in gadolinium-enhanced MR (GE-MR) volumes with promising performance. With investigations on our task, we argue that, networks with ND architectures can easily outperform their heavy ND versions with respect to time efficiency and segmentation accuracy. Left atrium body possesses a relative compact structure, while the associated pulmonary veins present to be branchy in varying scales. As this regard, we propose to further tailor our ND network with pyramid pooling modules to enlarge receptive field ranges and perceive semantic cues from multiple scales. This pyramid module greatly promotes the segmentation in fine scales. To avoid the learning of non-informative negative samples and enhance the learning of hard negative examples around boundary, we propose an Online Hard Negative Example Mining strategy to identify voxels in slices with low classification certainties and penalize the wrong predictions on them. Finally, we devise a competitive training scheme in which several competitors need to compete with each other. With the scheme, the generalization ability of all competitors can be further improved. Extensively verified on N testing volumes, our proposed framework achieves an average Dice of _inline_eq_ in segmenting the left atria and pulmonary veins.