Deep learning (DL) is a widely used tool in research domains such as computer vision, speech analysis, and natural language processing (NLP) . This method is suited particularly to those areas, where a large amount of data needs to be analyzed and human like intelligence is required. The use of deep learning as a machine learning and pattern recognition tool is also becoming an important aspect in the field of medical image analysis. This is evident from the recent special issue on this topic _cite_, where the initial impact of deep learning in the medical imaging domain is investigated. According to an MIT technological review, deep learning is among the top ten breakthroughs of N _cite_ . Medical imaging has been a diagnostic method in clinical practices for a long time. The recent advancements in hardware design, safety procedures, computational resources and data storage capabilities have greatly benefited the field of medical imaging. Currently, major application areas of medical image analysis involve segmentation, classification, and abnormality detection using images generated from a wide spectrum of clinical imaging modalities. Medical image analysis aims to aid radiologist and clinicians to make diagnostic and treatment process more efficient. The computer aided detection (CADx) and computer aided diagnosis (CAD) relies on effective medical image analysis making it crucial in terms of performance, since it would directly affect the process of clinical diagnosis and treatment _cite_ . Therefore, the performance of important prameters such as accuracy, F-measure, precision, recall, sensitivity, and specificity is crucial, and it is mostly desirable that these measures give high values in medical image analysis. As the availability of digital images dealing with clinical information is growing, therefore a method that is best suited to big data analysis is required. The state-of-the-art in data centric areas such as computer vision shows that deep learning methods could be the most suitable candidate for this purpose. Deep learning mimics the working of the human brain _cite_, with a deep architecture composed of multiple layers of transformations. This is similar to the way information is processed in the human brain _cite_ . A good knowledge of the underlying features in a data collection is required to extract the most relevant features. This could become tedious and difficult when a huge collection of data needs to be handled efficiently. A major advantage of using deep learning methods is their inherent capability, which allows learning complex features directly from the raw data. This allows us to define a system that does not rely on hand-crafted features, which are mostly required in other machine learning techniques. These properties have attracted attention for exploring the benefits of using deep learning in medical image analysis. The future of medical applications can benefit from the recent advances in deep learning techniques. There are multiple DL open source platforms available such as caffe, tensorflow, theano, keras and torch to name a few _cite_ . The challenges arise due to limited clinical knowledge of DL experts and limited DL knowledge of clinical experts. A recent tutorial attempts to bridge this gap by providing a step by step implementation detail of applying DL to digital pathology images _cite_ . In _cite_, a high-level introduction to medical image segmentation task using deep learning is presented by providing the code. In general, most of the work using DL techniques use an open source model, where the code is made available on platforms such as github. This allows researchers to come up with a running model relatively quickly for applying these techniques to various medical image analysis tasks. The challenge remains to select an appropriate DL architecture depending upon the number of available images and ground truth labels. In this paper, a detailed review of the current state-of-the-art medical image analysis techniques is presented, which are based on deep convolutional neural networks. A summary of the key performance parameters having clinical significance achieved using deep learning methods is also discussed. The rest of the paper is organized as follows., presents a brief introduction to the field of medical image analysis. and Section N, presents a summary and applications of the deep convolutional neural network methods to medical image analysis. In Section N, the recent advances in deep learning methods for medical image analysis are analyzed. This is followed by the conclusions presented in .