With the wide spread of Internet and the development of e-commerce, online social networking, and search engineering in recent years, web page has played an important role in our daily life. According to the statics data on Internet Live Stats Online, there are more than N billion websites exsiting on the worlds by the end of May, N. According to the statics data on Telecommunication Union (ITU), the number of Internet user on the earth has been more than N billion by the end of N. Web pages affect people's lives all the time. The market of Internet is so huge and how to design a attractive web has been the first priority. A good web page, not only need to meet user's normal functional requirements, but also should be able to grasp the user's eyeballs using reasonable layout and typography. Web designer can display high-yieding products in the area with more user's attention and display low-yielding products in the area with less user's attention. So how to effectively predict the saliency maps of web images (Fig. _ref_) become a very important problem. In recent years, there has been a lot of good works in predicting the saliency of natural images. However, unlike natural images, web page images have more texts, logos and animations, which are rich in outline information and not exist in natural images. Besides, the natural image is more relevant in each area. For example, there are often green lands next to the trees, and there are often blue sky over the lake. But for the web page images, each area block is often independent, which increases the difficulty of web page saliency prediction for one time. Taking into account the above problems, we design a two-stage generative adversarial networks (TSGAN), allowing the model to achieve a two-step prediction of web page saliency. Firstly, in the first step of prediction, our model takes the original web page images as input and uses a encoder-decoder to generate a corase prediction saliency maps. Secondly, in the second step of prediction, the corase prediction results obtained in the first step and the web pages are stitched and sent to the network, and the encoder-decoder is used again to get a fine prediction. In addition, in the two-step encoder-decoder structure, we introduce the outline information of the image extracted by the Laplacian operator to further improve the network's learning ability. In order to better demonstrate the capabilities of our model, we designed a series of experiments based on FIWI _cite_ . The experimental results show that our model is not only perform well in visual effects, but also excellent in objective metrics. The main contributions of our work are: N. We present TSGAN to achieve two-step prediction for web page images and achieve very good results. N. We introduce the outline information in the process of web page prediction for the first time and improve the accuracy of prediction. N. Experimental results show that our method outperforms state of the art model results