Lung cancer has been the leading cause of cancer death worldwide~ _cite_, and early detection of pulmonary nodules from low-dose computed tomography (CT) scans is crucial for primary lung cancer diagnosis and arrangement of early treatment. Annual lung cancer screening for high-risk populations has already been implemented in the U.S.~ _cite_, acquiring enormous CT data for radiologists to analyze. It would be difficult, if not impossible, to manually process the scans considering the huge manpower and time costs. In this regard, accurate and cost-effective automated detection methods are highly and urgently demanded. However, automatically detecting the pulmonary nodules is quite challenging due to the large variations in size (diameter ranging between _inline_eq_ ~mm), shape, density, anatomical context (e.g., solitary and lung wall/vessel/fissure attached), as well as the existence of hard mimics (i.e., tissues resembling the appearance of nodules) . Typical automated pulmonary nodule detection systems consist of two stages: N) candidate screening, which sensitively screens candidates but gets many false positives, and N) false positive reduction, which removes the false positive candidates and yields the final detection results. Previously, many approaches have been proposed for this challenging detection task. The first stage commonly relied on curvature computation, voxel clustering, intensity thresholding and morphological operations with hand-crafted features~ _cite_ . For the second stage, classifiers were utilized with low-level descriptors which were carefully and heuristically defined based on intensity, size, sphericity, texture and contextual information~ _cite_ . Limited by the representation capability of low-level features, it was difficult for these methods to deal with the large variations of nodules and distinguish them from hard mimics. Recent researches have proposed to rely on convolutional networks (ConvNets) for extracting high-level features to detect the pulmonary nodules~ _cite_ . Although their results are encouraging, we can still explore novel strategies such as dynamically selecting highly informative training samples and harnessing the regularization from localized annotations, to further unleash the power of ConvNets and boost the performance gains. In this paper, we propose a novel framework leveraging ND ConvNets in both stages to address the important while challenging task of automated pulmonary nodule detection. Our first stage establishes a ND fully convolutional network (FCN) to efficiently screen the candidates from volumetric CT scans. To tackle the problem of severe hard/easy sample imbalance, we construct an online sample filtering scheme to select the highly informative training samples on-the-fly, hence to effectively train the model and enhance its discrimination capability. In the second stage, we design a novel hybrid-loss ND ConvNet which leverages residual learning to facilitate gradients flow and harnesses the location and size information to improve the lung nodule recognition accuracy. Besides, our hybrid-loss residual network can also output the diameter of the detected nodule, which is clinically desirable for determining the treatment policies~ _cite_ . We have validated our proposed method on the large-scale LUNAN dataset and achieved promising results outperforming those of state-of-the-art approaches. Moreover, we have conducted extensive ablation experiments which can demonstrate the contribution of each key component in our proposed framework.