While ND technology mostly focuses on providing better tools for humans to scan, create, modify and visualize ND data, recently there has been an interest in automated generation of new ND object models. Scanning a real object is the most convenient way to generate digital ND object models, however, this requires availability of real-life objects and each of these objects needs to be scanned individually. More crucially, it does not allow creating a novel object model. Creating a novel object model is a time consuming task requiring human imagination, effort and specialist skills. So it is desirable to have an automated system facilitating streamlined generation of ND object content. Generative models have recently become mainstream with their applications in various domains. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) _cite_ have been a recent breakthrough in the field of generative models. GANs provide a generic solution for various types of data leveraging the power of artificial neural networks, particularly Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) . On the other hand, use of GANs brings out several challenges. While stability is the most fundamental problem in GAN architecture, there are also domain specific challenges. Standard GAN model generates novel samples from an input distribution. However, the generated samples are random and there is no control over them as the input noise and the desired features are entangled. While some solutions attack the entanglement problem _cite_, some propose new types of GANs for specific purposes. Conditional GAN _cite_ allows controlling the characteristics of the generated samples using a condition. While these conditions could be specified, the generated samples are random and it fails to generate pair samples in different conditions _cite_ . Keeping the input value the same while changing the condition value does not generate the same output in different conditions because of the entanglement problem. The representation between input and output sample is entangled in such a way that changing condition value changes the output completely. There are many studies for learning joint distributions to generate novel pair samples. Most of them uses modified GAN architectures, complex models or paired training data as described in the Related Works section. In this study, we propose a new approach to generate paired ND models with Conditional GANs. Our method is integrated as an additional training step to Conditional GAN without changing the original architecture. This generic solution provides flexibility such that it is applicable to any conditional GAN architecture as long as there is a metric to measure the similarity of samples in different conditions. Also the system can be trained with paired samples, unpaired samples and without any tuples of corresponding samples in different domains. In section N, we describe the GAN architecture and the related works. The proposed method is given in section N and experimental evaluation and results are provided in section N. Conclusions and future work are given in section N.