Geometric model fitting aims to reconstruct underlying models (e.g., lines, circles, characters, and buildings) from given data (e.g., images or laser scanning point clouds) . With the reconstructed rich model information (e.g., shape, scale, rotation, and location), the data can be comprehensively understood. With such merit, model fitting has constantly attracted research interests for a long time. However, the model fitting problem is far from being solved, at least in terms of computational speed, because of increasing complexity of encountered data and thus models. A common case of complex data is that data conceive multiple models. For example, a CAPTCHA image usually contains multiple characters _cite_ . A multi-model fitting technique is needed to handle such data. A recent trend for addressing model fitting problem is to formulate it as an optimization problem _cite_, such that it can be conveniently tackled by an existing optimization algorithm. Our previous method _cite_ uses the cuckoo search (CS) algorithm _cite_ to solve the optimization problem in model fitting, and notably achieves the new state-of-the-art in the challenging few-shot character recognition tasks (George et al. N) .	CS can approach the optimum with high precision. However, it usually takes many iterations to converge to the optimum, especially when the fitting involves a large number of variables, which is the case of multi-model fitting. The number of variables involved in _inline_eq_-model fitting is as large as _inline_eq_ times that in single-model fitting. In other words, it is time-consuming to use CS to perform multi-model fitting. In this paper, we propose a reinforcement learning approach for optimization in multi-model fitting. Our insight is as follows. The selection of variable values for a model can be seen as a decision. The fitting of multiple models is a process that consists of a sequence of decisions. Such decision making process can be efficiently optimized by reinforcement learning. The work similar to ours can be found in _cite_, which uses a traditional reinforcement learning method to control binary split shape grammar for parsing facade images. Their method works under the assumption that the split grammar has discrete variables. However, the variables involved in model fitting usually are continuous, which are challenging for a traditional reinforcement learning method to handle _cite_ . In contrast, our work is based on recently developed deep reinforcement learning (DRL), which has made remarkable progress for a number of challenging tasks including continuous control _cite_ .