The spatial distribution of rock properties within a reservoir can have a critical impact on hydrocarbon recovery. In recent years a number of geostatistical methods have been developed to generate earth models given sparse information. Different approaches exist to model the distribution geological facies and petrophysical properties. Variograms quantify geological and petrophysical variations using so-called two-point statistics . Anisotropic behavior is incorporated by introducing orientation-dependent variograms. Truncated Gaussian simulation obtains facies models by truncation of variogram-based models of Gaussian fields . In contrast, multiple-point statistical (MPS) methods evaluate the dependency of the facies occurrence at a given location based on statistics available on multi-point templates. These statistics are provided by training images, that represent the conceptual geological knowledge and act as a discrete prior on the geological understanding of the subsurface reservoir. Recent methods such as direct sampling have led to significant reduction in the computational overhead of MPS methods, allowing rapid sampling of three-dimensional reservoir models. Object-based methods populate model domains with predefined parameterized geometric representations of geobodies. This allows realistic representation of geological features, but the conditioning to well data is challenging when the size of geological objects is large compared to the well spacing. At the reservoir scale (meters to Ns of kilometers) we have no knowledge of the true subsurface distribution of reservoir properties, except at discrete well locations; on the other hand, at the scale of individual pores of the reservoir rock, direct imaging methods such as micro-computed tomography allow images of the pore-grain structure to be made . These images are often limited in size. Where large spatial domains are required for e.g. upscaling tasks, statistical models enable statistical and physical representations of the pore-grain structure. Due to the abundance of two-dimensional thin sections compared to three-dimensional CT measurements, models are often conditioned to match existing two-dimensional images. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) represent a recent parametric approach developed by to generate realistic samples, given a set of training images. Recently have shown that GANs are able to generate very realistic stochastic representations of pore-scale structures. have shown that GANs are able to produce parametric geological representations. incorporate GANs in a Markov Chain Monte-Carlo approach to create representations conditional to dynamic hydraulic data. use conditional MPS simulations as a training set for variational autoencoders to sample conditioned geological representations. propose a combined "content + perceptual" loss approach and leverage the differentiable and parametric nature of the deep neural networks used to condition GAN simulations to pre-existing data.