with low-dose chest CT has been found effective in reducing mortality from lung cancer in current or former heavy smokers _cite_ . However, smoking is not only a major risk factor for lung cancer, but also for cardiovascular disease (CVD) _cite_ . The presence of CVD can be detected in CT scans by measuring the amount of coronary artery calcification (CAC), a strong and independent predictor of cardiovascular events. CAC is usually quantified in dedicated cardiac CT images and expressed as a calcium score _cite_ . Recent studies have shown that calcium scores are also able to predict cardiovascular events if quantified in low-dose chest CT for lung cancer screening _cite_ . Calcium scoring could therefore complement lung cancer screening programs to help identify subjects at elevated cardiovascular risk without the need for further imaging _cite_ . However, manual calcium scoring in addition to lung screening would impose a considerable extra burden on screening programs due to the large number of subjects, the high average calcium burden in a high risk population, the suboptimal image quality of low-dose screening scans, and the lack of ECG synchronization leading to cardiac motion artifacts. Automatic calcium scoring could therefore be a viable alternative that would enable routine cardiovascular risk prediction from low-dose chest CT scans. \IEEEpubidadjcol Automatic methods for CAC scoring have been developed mostly for dedicated non-contrast enhanced cardiac CT _cite_ or cardiac CT angiography (CTA) scans _cite_ . Only few methods have been developed specifically for coronary calcium scoring in chest CT _cite_ . In non-contrast cardiac CT scans, the coronary arteries are visible only when calcified or embedded in fat. Automatic scoring methods therefore typically rely on segmentation or rough localization of larger structures such as the heart and the aorta to derive a region of interest _cite_ or to derive spatial features for classification of candidate lesions using machine learning _cite_ . Other methods that use machine learning derive spatial features from segmentations of the coronary arteries, which are obtained by registration of the non-contrast scan with a CTA-based atlas _cite_ . Commonly used features besides spatial features are texture, lesion volume and shape. Spatial features are consistently reported to be most important. In cardiac CTA scans, the coronary arteries are well visible due to the arterial contrast enhancement. Automatic scoring methods therefore typically perform a segmentation of the coronary artery tree. The segmentation is used to detect calcifications by searching for strong intensity gradients along the segmented vessel _cite_ because calcifications are typically brighter than the contrast enhanced lumen of the vessel. In a similar approach, Mittal~et~al. _cite_ employ a classifier to detect calcifications based on features that describe the texture along the vessel. In contrast to such approaches, Wolterink~et~al. _cite_ proposed a method without prior segmentation of the coronary arteries. The method uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) in combination with simple spatial features based on image coordinates to classify candidate voxels in the image. To reduce the false positive rate of the CNN, connected groups of voxels that were detected by the CNN are reclassified by a random forest classifier. In their later publication _cite_, a second CNN replaces this step. In non-contrast chest CT scans, segmentation of the coronary artery tree is not feasible due to the lack of contrast enhancement and due to cardiac motion artifacts caused by the lack of ECG synchronization. Automatic scoring methods therefore typically rely on other means to identify a region of interest, similar to methods for CAC detection in non-contrast cardiac CT. Išgum~et~al. _cite_ obtain spatial features from a coronary calcium probability atlas and use these in combination with volume and texture features in a multi-classifier approach. Xie~et~al. _cite_ and González~et~al. _cite_ segment or roughly localize the heart and identify coronary calcifications in the detected region of interest based on decision rules. In our preliminary work, we proposed to use a CNN to classify candidate voxels within a bounding box around the heart _cite_ . In addition to coronary calcifications, thoracic aorta calcifications (TAC) and calcifications of the cardiac valves have been related to cardiovascular risk _cite_ . For calcium scoring in the thoracic aorta in chest CT, few automatic methods have been published. All methods first perform a segmentation of the aorta followed by either rule-based calcification detection using auxiliary segmentations of trachea and spine _cite_ or calcification detection based on machine learning _cite_ . The machine learning approach uses kNN classifiers with features similar to those used by methods for coronary calcium detection: various spatial features derived from the segmentation of the aorta, volume of the potential calcification and texture features. For detection and quantification of cardiac valve calcifications, automatic methods have not been published. We propose an automatic system for concurrent detection of CAC, TAC and cardiac valve calcifications in low-dose chest CT. These calcifications likely show different aspects of atherosclerotic disease and their quantities can potentially complement each other in detecting the presence of CVD and in predicting cardiovascular events. In contrast to simple combination of the output of multiple systems, e.g., one system for CAC and another for TAC detection, a single method for concurrent detection avoids ambiguous results. Furthermore, we propose to label each voxel separately according to the affected vessel rather than labeling calcified lesions, i.e., connected voxels above a certain intensity value. Lesion labeling is standardly performed in clinically used commercial software and most previous automatic methods. However, voxel labeling allows separation of single lesions that extend to multiple vascular beds, e.g., in the aorta and a coronary artery. This is important because calcifications in different arteries carry different prognostic value _cite_ . Next, we propose to use a CNN to directly identify potential calcifications within the entire image, without the need to explicitly segment or localize anatomical structures. The majority of methods in the literature for CAC or TAC detection rely on segmentation to restrict the region of interest or to infer spatial features as these have been found important for accurate calcium detection. Instead, context information is not provided by segmentations, but rather the CNN has to be able to infer context information directly from the image. We therefore use a CNN with a particularly large receptive field, which is achieved by using an architecture based on dilated convolutions. This large receptive field furthermore enables the network to label candidates based on their anatomical location. Similar to _cite_, we subsequently employ a second CNN to identify calcifications among the candidates identified and labeled by the first CNN. The main contribution is therefore a network architecture tailored specifically to the problem of calcium detection in low-dose chest CT scans. Finally, we evaluated our method on a large and diverse dataset from the to date largest lung cancer screening trial with low-dose chest CT. Most other methods for automatic CAC or TAC scoring have been evaluated only on relatively small and homogeneous datasets. However, a method that is applied clinically will face images acquired with a multitude of scanner models and reconstructed with a wide range of reconstruction algorithms. In this work, scans were therefore selected such that a wide variety of screening sites, scanner models and reconstruction algorithms are present.