Analysis of cell images through time is a powerful tool commonly used in medicine and research. For instance, in regenerative medicine scientists perform experiments in stem cells using several culture conditions and capture a large number of images to analyze them ~ _cite_ . A particular case of time-lapse microscopy is the counting. Albeit simpler than other tasks (for instance cell segmentation) it would alleviate a lot of human effort in fields such as regenerative medicine. Automatic cell counting has been done with two approaches: detection and regression. In counting by detection the desired object to quantify is first detected, which involves a segmentation and classification step in traditional computer vision. This approach usually is designed for a specific cell type. Counting by detection has been replaced by more general counting techniques (counting by regression), borrowed from other computer vision problems (such as crown counting) . On the other hand, counting by regression ignores the detection and estimates a number directly from the image. Hence, in this method usually the locations of the object can not be known. In this paper, we focus on the regression method. Several works have proposed approaches for counting cells by regression. Xie et. al.~ _cite_ used a fully convolutional neural network to detect the position of the cells in the images. The input images were split into overlapping cuts that fit in the neural network. The full image was built again using interpolation over the neural network output. This approach allowed them to count using the integral over the output of the network. Xue et al.~ _cite_ proposed using simple convolutional neural networks (ConvNet) as regressor to get the object count from the image. Using several mainstream ConvNets architectures and the same input image splitting as Xie et al.. Finally, Cohen et. al~ _cite_ also use ConvNets as regressors in a pure regression way, but the image in the final reconstruction stage changed. In his work each input pixel account for a number of cells, hence each image crop have redundancy counting (due to overlapping), which is used for total count prediction as a normalized factor below the total sum. These works have made big steps towards automation of cell counting, but they did not discuss the time factor. Although some microscopic objects do not change significantly in appearance over time (such as bacteria E.Coli), several kinds of cells transform their appearance over time (e.g. stem cells) . Hence, a deeper analysis on how this automatic count approaches response to the time variation is needed. In this work, the cell counting problem over time is faced. Several challenges related to the cell counting task in the single frame prediction (static) and multi-frame prediction (dynamic) cases are discussed. An evaluation and analysis of current approaches for cell counting in the dynamic context is done. Finally, a spatiotemporal model using ConvNets and long short term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural networks is proposed to overcome temporal variations. The advantages, working conditions and limitations of the ConvNet-LSTM method are discussed. Although our method is tested in cell counting it can be extrapolated to quantify in video (or correlated image series) any kind of objects or volumes. All annotations and derived datasets used in this work, source code, and the trained models, are publicly available. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: First, the challenges present in static and dynamic cell counting are discussed in section N. Also, the methods used in the static and dynamic case are explained. Section N describes the experiments used to test the models. Results are presented in section N. Section N discusses the results and limitations. Finally, in section N the conclusions and future work are presented.