Many of the signal and image processing problems can be posed as problems of learning a low dimensional linear or multi-linear model. Algorithms for learning linear models can be seen as a special case of subspace fitting. Many of these algorithms are based on least squares estimation techniques, such as principal component analysis (PCA) _cite_, linear discriminant analysis (LDA) _cite_, and locality preserving projection _cite_ . But in general, training data may contain undesirable artifacts due to occlusion, illumination changes, overlaying component (such as foreground texts and graphics on top of smooth background image) . These artifacts can be seen as outliers for the desired signal. As it is known from statistical analysis, algorithms based on least square fitting fail to find the underlying representation of the signal in the presence of outliers _cite_ . Different algorithms have been proposed for robust subspace learning to handle outliers in the past, such as the work by Torre _cite_, where he suggested an algorithm based on robust M-estimator for subspace learning. Robust principal component analysis _cite_ is another approach to handle the outliers. In _cite_, Lerman et al proposed an approach for robust linear model fitting by parameterizing linear subspace using orthogonal projectors. There have also been many works for online subspace learning/tracking for video background subtraction, such as GRASTA _cite_, which uses a robust _inline_eq_-norm cost function in order to estimate and track non-stationary subspaces when the streaming data vectors are corrupted with outliers, and t-GRASTA _cite_, which simultaneously estimate a decomposition of a collection of images into a low-rank subspace, and sparse part, and a transformation such as rotation or translation of the image. In this work, we present an algorithm for subspace learning from a set of images, in the presence of structured outliers and noise. We assume some structure on outliers that suits many of the image processing applications, which is connectivity and sparsity. As a simple example we can think of smooth images overlaid with texts and graphics foreground, or face images with occlusion (as outliers) . To promote the connectivity of the outlier component, the group-sparsity _cite_ of outlier pixels is added to the cost function (It is worth mentioning that total-variation _cite_ can also be used to promote connectivity) . We also impose the smoothness prior on the learned subspace representation, by penalizing the gradient of the representation. We then propose an algorithm based on the sparse decomposition framework for subspace learning. This algorithm jointly detect the outlier pixels and learn the low-dimensional subspace for underlying image representation. After learning the subspace, we present its application for background-foreground segmentation in still images, and show that it achieves better performance than previous algorithms. We compare our algorithm with some of the prior approaches, including k-means clustering in DjVu _cite_, shape primitive extraction and coding (SPEC) _cite_, least absolute deviation fitting (LAD) _cite_ . The proposed algorithm has applications in text extraction, medical image analysis, and image decomposition _cite_-_cite_ . One problem with previous clustering-based segmentation techniques is that if the intensity of background pixels has a large dynamic range, some part of the background could be segmented as foreground, but our proposed model can correctly segment the image. One such example is shown in Fig. N, where the foreground mask (a binary mask showing the location of foreground pixels) for a sample image by clustering and our algorithm are shown. The structure of the rest of this paper is as follows: Section II presents the proposed framework for subspace learning. The detail of alternating optimization problem is presented in Section II. A, and the application of this framework for image segmentation is presented in II. B. Section III provides the experimental results for the proposed algorithm and its application for image segmentation. And finally the paper is concluded in Section IV.