Face detection serves as an important component in computer vision systems which aim to extract information from face images. Practical applications, such as face recognition and face animation, all need to quickly and accurately detect faces on input images in advance. Same as many other vision tasks, the performance of face detection has been substantially improved by Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) _cite_ . The CNN-based detectors enjoy the natural advantage of strong capability in non-linear feature learning. However, most works focus on designing an effective detector for generic faces without considerations for specific scenarios, such as detecting faces with full rotation-in-plane (RIP) angles as shown in Figure _ref_ . They become less satisfactory in such complex applications. Face detection in full RIP, i.e. rotation-invariant face detection, is quite challenging, because faces can be captured almost from any RIP angle, leading to significant divergence in face appearances. An accurate rotation-invariant face detector can greatly boost the performance of subsequent process, e.g. face alignment and face recognition. Generally, there are three strategies for dealing with the rotation variations including data augmentation, divide-and-conquer, and rotation router _cite_, detailed as follows. Data Augmentation is the most straightforward solution for training a rotation-invariant face detector, which augments the training data by uniformly rotating the upright faces to full RIP angles. The advantage of this strategy is that the same scheme as that of the upright face detectors can be directly used without extra operations. However, to characterize such large variations of face appearances in single detector, one usually needs to use large neural networks with high time cost, which is not practical in many applications. Divide-and-Conquer is another commonly used method for dealing with this problem which trains multiple detectors, one for a small range of RIP angles, to cover the full RIP range such as _cite_ . For example, four detectors covering the faces facing up, down, left and right respectively are constructed to detect the faces in full RIP angles, as shown in Figure _ref_ . As one detector only deals with a small range of face appearance variations, and thus a small neural network with low time cost is enough for each detector. However, the overall time cost of running multiple detectors grows and more false alarms are easily introduced. Rotation Router The large appearance variations of rotated faces come from their diverse RIP angles. Thus, a natural way is to estimate the faces' RIP angles explicitly, and then rotate them to upright, significantly reducing appearance variations of faces. In _cite_, a router network is firstly used to estimate each face candidate's RIP angle, and then the candidates are calibrated to face upright, as shown in Figure _ref_ . After this step, an upright face detector can easily process the calibrated face candidates. Obviously, an inaccurate estimation of the RIP angle will cause miss detection of faces, leading to a lower recall. However, precisely estimating the RIP angles of faces is quite challenging, so a large neural network is usually used as the router network, resulting in high time cost. To solve the problems above, we propose a real-time and accurate rotation-invariant face detector with progressive calibration networks (PCN), as shown in Figure _ref_ . Our PCN progressively calibrates the RIP orientation of each face candidate to upright for better distinguishing faces from non-faces. Specifically, PCN first identifies face candidates and calibrates those facing down to facing up, halving the range of RIP angles from _inline_eq_ to _inline_eq_ . Then the rotated face candidates are further distinguished and calibrated to an upright range of _inline_eq_, shrinking the RIP range by half again. Finally, PCN makes the accurate final decision for each face candidate to determine whether it is a face and predict the precise RIP angle. By dividing the calibration process into several progressive steps and only predicting coarse orientations in early stages, PCN can achieve precise calibration. And the calibration process can be implemented as rotating original image by _inline_eq_, _inline_eq_, and _inline_eq_ with quite low time cost. By performing binary classification of face vs. non-face with gradually decreasing RIP ranges, PCN can accurately detect faces with full _inline_eq_ RIP angles. Such designs lead to a real-time rotation-invariant face detector. Briefly, the novelties and advantages of our proposed method are listed as below: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section ~ _ref_ describes the proposed PCN detector in detail, explaining the design of different stages. Section ~ _ref_ presents the experimental results on two challenging face detection datasets together with analysis on the stage-wise calibration. The final Section ~ _ref_ concludes this work.