Autonomous robots like self-driving cars on a road or a food-delivery robot in a restaurant must share the same space with humans. In order to do so in a safe and acceptable manner, these robots must be able to understand and cooperate with humans. One task of paramount importance for avoiding collisions and for smooth maneuvering is to accurately predict the future trajectories of humans in their shared space. Further, given the wide diversity of platforms and environments for which prediction may be required (e.g. small robots with limited computing capabilities or without connectivity to cloud computing resources), simple models with better time complexity are desired. Traditionally, hand-crafted features were used for trajectory prediction and modeling motion of pedestrians' trajectory with respect to others surrounding them. _cite_ propose a discrete choice framework for pedestrian dynamics, modeling short-term behavior of individuals as a response to the presence of other pedestrians. The Social Force model _cite_ incorporates two interactive forces for microsimulation of crowds. Attractive forces guiding the pedestrians towards their goal and repulsive forces for encouraging collision avoidance in-between the pedestrians and in-between a pedestrian and environmental obstacles. Yamaguchi et al. _cite_ solves the same problem as an energy minimization problem. While successful, hand-crafted features are hard to scale since influencing factors must be described explicitly. In recent years, Deep Neural Networks (DNN) have been utilized for the trajectory prediction task since they utilize a data-driven approach to tease out relationships and influences which may not have been apparent. These DNN-based approaches _cite_ have demonstrated impressive results. Almost all of these approaches are based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) _cite_ since a trajectory is a temporal sequence. As RNNs share parameters across time, they are capable of conditioning the model on all previous positions of a trajectory. Although theoretically, RNNs can retain information from all previous words of a sentence, practically they fail at handling long-term dependencies. Also, RNNs are prone to the vanishing and exploding gradient problems when dealing with long sequences. Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks _cite_, a special kind of RNN architecture, were designed to address these problems. Although LSTMs have been found to address the sequence based problems effectively but they need quite a bit of task-specific engineering like clipping gradients. Also in RNNs, predictions for later time-steps must wait for the predictions from preceding time-steps and hence can't be parallelized during training or inference time. Recently, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based architectures have provided encouraging results in sequence-to-sequence tasks _cite_ like machine translation _cite_, image generation _cite_ and Image Captioning _cite_ . Inspired by these, we study CNNs for the task of trajectory prediction. This is the first work we are aware of to use an end-to-end convolutional architecture for trajectory prediction (Deo and Trivedi _cite_ used convolutional pooling for incorporating social context from hidden states of the LSTM network) . We believe the CNN is superior to LSTM for temporal modeling since trajectories are continuous in nature, do not have complicated ``state'', and have high spatial and temporal correlation which can be exploited by computationally efficient convolution operations. The major contribution of the work can be summarized as proposing a fast CNN-based model for trajectory prediction that is competitive with more complicated state-of-the-art LSTM-based techniques which require more contextual information. We discuss our CNN architecture in Section N. Section N provides an experimental evaluation to highlight the efficacy of our approach and value due to simplicity. Finally, in Section N, we conclude the paper with closing remarks.