Ophthalmologic diseases, including age-related fovea degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma, hypertension, arteriosclerosis and choroidal neovascularization, are the main causes for blindness. Thus, early diagnosis and treatment of these diseases are critical for reducing the risk of blindness _cite_ . As an important component in retinal fundus images, vessel condition is always used as an indicator by ophthalmologists for diagnosing various ophthalmologic diseases. Since manual annotation of blood vessels in retinal images is tedious and time-consuming and requires experience in clinical practice, automated vessel segmentation is urgent _cite_ . Automated segmentation of retinal blood vessels has attracted significant attention over recent decades _cite_ . However, vessel segmentation is a challenging task for computers due to the following reasons _cite_ . N) The structure of retinal vessels is complex, and there are huge differences between vessels in different local areas in terms of size, shape and intensity. The first challenge is to build a model that can describe the complex vessel structure. N) Some structures such as striped hemorrhage have similar shape and intensity with vessels. Furthermore, a micro-vessel is thin, whose width usually ranges from one to several pixels, making it easy to be confused with noises. The second challenge is to distinguish vessels from other similar structures or noises. N) Compared to other object segmentation tasks such as Pascal VOC _cite_, vessel segmentation requires finer results to keep the structure of different vessels for subsequent vessel based diagnosis. The third challenge is to refine vessel pixels so that the structure of vessels can be well kept. Existing segmentation algorithms could be divided into two categories _cite_: unsupervised methods and supervised ones. N) Both features and rules have been designed manually by observing given samples in the unsupervised methods. For example, Azzopardi and Petkov (N) designed a ND kernel used to convolve with retinal images by exploiting three characteristics of retinal blood vessels, including a piecewise linear approximation, a decrease in vessel diameter along vascular length, and a Gaussian-like intensity profile _cite_ . Yin, Adel, and Bourennane (N) presented a vessel tracking algorithm by utilizing the continuity of vessels and local information to segment a vessel between two seed points, and the center of a longitudinal cross-section of a vessel is determined by gray-level intensity and tortuosity _cite_ . Similarly, other characteristics have been successively exploited for vessel segmentation, such as profile _cite_, contour _cite_ and geometric _cite_ . The advantage of these unsupervised methods is low labor cost since label information is not required for the given samples. However, the unsupervised methods are sensitive to the manually designed features and rules. When the given sample set is becoming larger, there is an increasing difficulty for human to design the best features and rules for all given samples. Therefore, the unsupervised methods may show amazing performance in some samples but also poor performance in other samples and it is possible that a large sample set makes human confused on the design of features and rules. N) Vessel segmentation can be regarded as a pixel-wise binary classification problem, in which each pixel is classified as a vessel pixel or non-vessel pixel. Recently, deep learning is popular for pixel-wise classification tasks _cite_ due to its good performance in practical applications. However, since a retinal image always contains a large number of pixels (_inline_eq_ Nk) to be classified, such pixel-wise methods are time-consuming and difficult to satisfy real-time requirements of clinical diagnosis. Other methods are based on supervised semantic segmentation, capable of generating segmentation results by only one forward pass _cite_ . Fu et al. (N) presented a method to segment vessels by combining HED (Holistically-nested Edge Detection) _cite_ and conditional random field _cite_, in which HED is a popular FCN-based (Fully Convolutional Network) _cite_ edge detection network. Maninis et al. (N) designed a novel multi-task FCN network for simultaneous segmentation of vessels and optic disc _cite_ . However, due to the limit of memory, each image has to be down-sampled to a low resolution before it is fed into the model, which causes a coarse segmentation result. To obtain a fine result, patch-level methods are proposed _cite_, in which each image is partitioned into multiple patches and each patch is fed into the model. After segmentation results for each patch are generated, they are puzzled into the final segmentation result. Patch-level segmentation is more time-consuming than image-level segmentation _cite_, but able to achieve higher performance due to a higher resolution. These supervised methods can automatically learn features or rules from a training set, and their performance is expected to be improved when the number of available training images is increased. Supervised methods have achieved state-of-the-art results on vessel segmentation in previous works. However, deep supervision information is not well exploited to improve segmentation results although it has been widely used for other segmentation tasks. In this paper, we propose a deeply-supervised fully convolutional neural network with bottom-top and top-bottom short connections (BTS-DSN) that fuses multi-level features together to obtain fine segmentation results. Similar to other supervised methods, the BTS-DSN can produce a vessel probability map that has the same size as an input retinal image by a single forward propagation. Meanwhile, we use bottom-top short connections between side-output layers to pass low-level detail information to high-level layers. Also, the structural information of a high-level layer is passed back to a low-level layer by top-bottom short connection. We use VGGNet _cite_ and ResNet-N _cite_ as backbone network respectively, and experimental results show that short connections can work on both cases. In addition, VGGNet behaves better than ResNet-N due to higher resolution used. Extensive experiments on DRIVE, STARE and CHASE \_DBN datasets have demonstrated competitive performance of the BTS-DSN. Specially, with the patch-level input, the BTS-DSN achieved N AUC, and N FN-score on DRIVE dataset, and resulted in N AUC and N FN-score on STARE dataset. With the image-level input, the BTS-DSN achieved N AUC and N FN-score on CHASE \_DBN dataset. The contributions of this paper are as follows. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The BTS-DSN is described in detail in Section N. Section N gives experiments and analysis. A conclusion is drawn in Section N.