Deep convolutional neural networks have shown great potential in medical imaging on account of dominance over traditional methods in applications such as segmentation of neuroanatomy, lesions, and tumors using voxelwise networks, ND voxelwise networks and Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs) . FCNs have shown better performance while also being faster in training and testing than voxelwise methods~ . Among these, the densely connected networks, referred to as DenseNets~ and a few of its extensions, such as a ND version called DenseSeg~ and a fully convolutional two-path edition (FC-DenseNet) ~, have shown promising results in image segmentation tasks~ _cite_ . For example the DenseSeg showed top performance in the N MICCAI isointense infant brain MRI segmentation (iSeg) grand challenge \protect \footnotemark, which is considered a very difficult image segmentation task for both traditional and deep learning approaches. During early infant brain maturation through the myelination process, there is an isointense period in which the TN and TN relaxation times of the white matter (WM) and gray matter (GM) tissue become similar, resulting in isointense (similar intensity) appearance of tissue on both TN-weighted and TN-weighted MRI contrasts. This happens around N months of age where tissue segmentation methods that are based directly on image intensity are prone to fail~ . Deep learning methods, however, have shown promising results in this application. In this work, we aimed to further improve image segmentation under these challenging conditions. While the top performing methods in the iSeg challenge relied on the power of DenseNets and used conventional training strategies based on cross-entropy loss function~ _cite_, in this work we focused on the training part and developed new strategies that helped us achieve the best performance currently reported on the iSeg challenge among all first \protect \footnotemark and second round submissions \protect \footnotemark . We built our technique over a deep ND two-channel fully convolutional DenseNet; and trained it purposefully using our proposed exclusive multi-label multi-class method of training, with exclusively adjusted similarity loss functions on large overlapping ND image patches. We overcame class similarity issues by focusing the training on one of the isointense class labels (WM) instead of both (thus referred to as exclusive multi-label multi-class), where we balanced precision and recall separately for each class using _inline_eq_ loss functions~ _cite_ with _inline_eq_ values adjusted with respect to class prevalence in the training set. Our contributions that led to improved iso-intense image segmentation include N) An exclusive multi-label multi-class training approach (through independent probability estimation) using automatically-adjusted similarity loss functions per class; N) utilizing a ND FC-DenseNet architecture adopted from~ _cite_ that is deeper, has more skip connections and has less parameters than networks in previous studies; and N) training and testing on large overlapping ND image patches with a patch prediction fusion strategy~ _cite_ that enabled intrinsic data augmentation and improved segmentation in patch borders while having the advantage of using any size image. Similarity loss functions, such as the Dice similarity loss, were previously proposed for two-class segmentation in V-Net~ . The _inline_eq_ loss functions, which showed excellent performance in training deep networks for highly imbalanced medical image segmentation~ _cite_, appeared to be effective also in exclusive multi-label training of DenseNets for independent multi-class segmentation in this work, where the class imbalance hyper-parameter _inline_eq_ was directly adjusted based on training data in the training phase. The official results on iSeg test data show that our method outperformed all previously published and reported methods improving DenseNets while standing in the first place after the second round submissions as of December N. Our proposed training strategy can be extended to other applications for independent multi-class segmentation and detection with multiple very similar and unbalanced classes. After a brief technical description of the isointense infant brain MRI segmentation challenge in the Motivation, the details of the methods, including the network architecture and our proposed strategies for training are presented in the Methods section; and are followed by the Results and Conclusions.