Image clustering is one of the extensively exploited topics in computer vision and has many applications in a wide range of fields, including image retrieval~ _cite_ and annotation~ _cite_ . It seeks to partition images into clusters according to a similarity measure, such that similar images are grouped in the same cluster and images which are dissimilar from each other are grouped into different clusters. A number of traditional clustering methods have been proposed in the past decades, such as partitional clustering (e.g., _inline_eq_-means _cite_), hierarchical clustering _cite_, density-based clustering (e.g., DBSCAN _cite_, mean shift clustering _cite_), distribution-based clustering (e.g., Gaussian mixture model _cite_), etc. These methods typically fail to clustering image data sets which are with high dimensionality. The main reason is that reliable similarity measures are hard to obtain in the high dimensional space. To mitigate this issue, a normal method is to first reduce the dimensionality of data via feature selection or feature extraction techniques, and then conduct clustering in the lower dimensional space. Another way is to consider clustering and feature learning together in the clustering framework, such as Torre et al. performs _inline_eq_-means clustering and linear discriminant analysis jointly _cite_ . However, these shallow models are typically with limited representation power and thus their improvement on image clustering performance is not significant. Recently, deep clustering methods, which perform feature learning by applying deep neural networks (DNN) and conduct clustering in the latent learned feature space, have shown impressive performance in image clustering tasks and have attracted people's increasing attentions _cite_ . Despite the huge success, most of the existing deep clustering methods actually apply a partitional clustering, e.g., _inline_eq_-means clustering in the latent learned feature space. This brings the following drawbacks: (N) The number of clusters must be given in advance, which is usually unknown in practical clustering tasks. (N) The partitional clustering techniques can only find spherical clusters and perform worse on irregular clusters or imbalanced data. (N) The _inline_eq_-means like clustering methods have randomness, probably leading to unstable clustering results. Some methods have been proposed to estimate the number of clusters in deep clustering models _cite_ . However, these methods do not consider the local information of clusters, and do not consider that points with different densities should play different roles in density-based clustering technique. Thus, the performance of these methods is still not satisfied and two questions are normally raising: (N) How deep clustering methods effectively find appropriate number of clusters with irregular shape when the number of clusters is not known a-prior? (N) Do we really need to refine the deep neural networks with the initial cluster assignment? In this paper, we aim to answer these two questions and propose a novel effective deep density-based clustering (DDC) method for images. Specifically, DDC first learns deep feature representation of data via a deep autoencoder. Second, t-SNE _cite_ is adopted to further reduce the learned features to a N-dimensional space while preserving the pairwise similarity of data instances. Finally, we develop a novel density-based clustering method which considers both the local structures of clusters and importance of instances to generate the final clustering results. The contributions of this work are stated as below: