In the Marr's theory of vision _cite_, a representational framework for vision was proposed, which consists of three levels: primal sketch, N-D sketch and N-D model representation. How to extract a proper image representation corresponding to the three levels is a critical problem in computer vision. So far, there are some milestone representations during the development of computer vision. For example, SIFT _cite_ and HOG _cite_ features have exhibited the good property of local invariance. Canny features _cite_ can capture the N-D sketch, which represents the low-level image structure. The deconvolutional network _cite_ tries to characterize both mid-level and high-level representations in an unsupervised manner to understand images. However, finding a high-level representation for different computer vision tasks is still challenging. Deep learning models have demonstrated impressive performance for different computer vision applications _cite_ . The deep convolutional neural network (CNN) _cite_ can map raw data from a manifold to the Euclidean space, in which features may be linearly separable. Generally speaking, there are two ways to extract features with deep CNN models. The first way is to extract features on an image pyramid obtained by using object proposals generation methods (such as SelectiveSearch~ _cite_, Edgeboxes~ _cite_ and CM~ _cite_) or the sliding-window strategy (such as R-CNN _cite_ and DenseNet _cite_) . However, this way suffers from high computational burden. The second way is to obtain features by using the sliding-window strategy on convolutional feature maps (such as OverFeat _cite_ and faster R-CNN~ _cite_) . The second way is usually more efficient to obtain features than the first way, when the sliding-window moves at each position. However, one problem for the second way is that the obtained features are less discriminative than those obtained by the first way. In addition, the computational complexity of both ways is high for object detection. Therefore, how to improve the efficiency of object detection remains a challenging problem due to the real-time requirement of object detection. Face detection is a special object detection task, and it can be tackled by state-of-the-art object detection methods. For example, R-CNN, faster R-CNN and YOLO have been respectively extended to the task of face detection~ _cite_ . However, as mentioned above, these object detection methods are usually time-consuming. Moreover, these methods mainly rely on the input generic object proposals obtained by an object proposal generation method. Since the obtained object proposals may not cover small-sized faces, these detection methods are usually not effective at detecting small-sized faces. In this paper, we propose a fast face detection method based on Discriminative Complete Features (DCFs) extracted by an elaborately designed deep CNN. The extracted DCFs are sparse and insensitive to scale variations for face detection. As a result, direct classification on DCFs significantly improves the efficiency of face detection compared with several state-of-the-art face detection methods using CNN. The three key components of the proposed fast face detection method are summarized as follows: First, we generate a sparse feature space, which is implemented by using the rectified linear unit (ReLU) ~ _cite_ . Second, the multi-scale features are resized to the desirable size (i.e., the same as the size of the input to a fully-connected layer) by using the nearest neighbor interpolation method~ _cite_, which can keep the sparseness and the topological structure of features. Third, for each window in an original input image, we propose a fast method to obtain the features based on the complete feature maps _cite_ . Based on the above three components, the desired features (i.e., DCFs) obtained from the feature maps before the fully-connected layer are extracted. As shown in Fig.~ _ref_, DCFs are linearly separable and sparse. Besides, by considering the fully-connected layer in CNN as a linear classifier, the generalization error bound of the linear classifier can be further calculated for face detection. As the major contribution of this paper, a fast face detection method based on CNN is proposed. The sliding-window strategy can be used on the proposed discriminative complete features, which reduces the computational complexity of the proposed face detection method. Furthermore, the convolution operation in CNN is speeded up by using the Sparse Fast Fourier Transform algorithm. Experiments show the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed face detection method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. In Section N, we review related work on object detection and face detection based on CNN. In Section N, we propose a fast DCFs-based method by using a deep CNN for face detection. In Section N, we conduct experiments to show the effectiveness of the proposed method and its performance on face detection. The main conclusions are summarized in Section N.