Handwritten Chinese text recognition (HCTR) is a challenging problem and has received intensive concerns from numerous researchers. The large character set, diversity of writing styles and character-touching problem are the main difficulties of HCTR. Traditional methods _cite_ _cite_ overcome these difficulties by integrating segmentation and recognition. Generally, a segmentation-recognition candidate lattice _cite_ is first derived from the input pen-tip trajectory through operations of over-segmentation, component combination and character recognition. Based on the lattice, the optimal path can be searched by simultaneously considering the character recognition score, in addition to the geometric and linguistic contexts. Zhou et al. _cite_ proposed a method based on semi-Markov conditional random fields, which combined candidate character recognition scores with geometric and linguistic contexts. Zhou et al. _cite_ described an alternative parameter learning method, which aimed at minimizing the character error rate rather than the string error rate. Vision Objects Ltd., France, whose system yielded the best performance in the ICDAR N Chinese handwriting recognition competition _cite_, introduced three `experts' that were responsible for segmentation, recognition and interpretation. They employed a global discriminant training scheme on the text level to learn the classifier parameter and meta-parameters of the recognizer. However, traditional methods based on over-segmentation can barely overcome their own limitations to rectify the mis-segmentations when characters are not correctly separated. Segmentation-free models _cite_ have been studied and have proved to be useful in different areas. Liwicki et al. _cite_ and Graves et al. _cite_ combined bidirectional long short-term memory (LSTM) and the connectionist temporal classifier (CTC) to build a speech recognizer. Messina et al. _cite_ applied multi-dimensional LSTM with CTC to offline HCTR. Recently, Shi et al. [N] proposed a network architecture called convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN), which consists of the convolutional layers, recurrent layers and transcription layer, for image-based sequence recognition. Similar to the aforementioned tasks, variable-length input is also the fundamental difficulty when solving HCTR problems. In this paper, we propose a fully convolutional recurrent network (FCRN), which is a novel framework for HCTR problems that possesses the following advantages: (N) It applies a path-signature layer to generate signature feature maps for online data, which uniquely characterizes the pen-tip trajectory. (N) It takes an input sequence of arbitrary length and outputs a corresponding label sequence without pre-segmentation. (N) It is end-to-end trainable. All its components can be jointly trained to fit each other and improve the overall function and reliability. Language models are of great importance for speech recognition and online text recognition, and have been proved to be effective by Wang et al. _cite_ and Wu et al. _cite_ . In this paper, we adopted a refined beam search method to integrate a language model to decode our FCRN. Experiments showed that by incorporating lexical constraints and prior knowledge about a certain language, the language model can further decrease the error rate by N \%-N \%. The remaining parts of the paper are organized as follows. In Section N, we illustrate the framework of FCRN in detail. In Section N, we describe language modeling and in Section N, we present the experimental results. In Section N, we conclude the paper.