Image segmentation has played an important role in various areas of computer vision and image processing. The segmentation results have been recently improved rapidly thank to deeply learned features and large-scale annotations. Among numerous segmentation methods developed in last few decades, Active Contour (AC), or Deformable Models, based on variational models and partial differential equations (PDEs), can be considered as one of the most widely used approaches in medical image segmentation. Among many AC-based approaches in the last few decades for image segmentation, variational LS methods _cite_ have obtained promising performance under some constraints, e.g. resolution, illumination, shape, noise, occlusions, etc. However, the segmentation accuracy in the LS methods dramatically drops down when dealing with images collected in the wild conditions, e.g. the PASCAL Visual Object Classes (VOC) Challenge _cite_, the Microsoft Common Objects in COntext (MS COCO) _cite_ database, etc. Meanwhile, the recent advanced deep learning based segmentation approaches _cite_ have achieved the state-of-the-art performance on dealing with multi-instance object segmentation on these databases. Indeed, the limitations of the LS approaches can be observed as follows. Firstly, the LS methods have a large handicap in capturing variations of real-world objects due to the nature of only using pixel values in these methods. Secondly, the LS methods are unable to memorize and to fully infer target objects since they do not have any learning capability. Thirdly, the LS based methods are very limited in segmenting multiple objects with semantic information. Furthermore, the segmentation performance by the LS methods is quite sensitive to numerous pre-defined parameters including initial contour, number of iterations. To address the aforementioned problems, this paper presents a novel look of LS methods under the view point of a deep learning approaches, i.e. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Convolutional Neural Networks (ConvNet) . The classic LS (CLS) segmentation formulation is now redefined as a recurrent learning framework, named Recurrent Level Set (RLS), thank to its evolution properties, i.e. stability and the growth of oscillations in the models. Compare to CLS method _cite_, RLS is more robust and productive when dealing with images in the wild thanks to learning ability as shown in Fig.~ _ref_ . The proposed RLS is designed as a trainable system thus it is easily extended to a fully end-to-end system, named Contextual RLS (CRLS) to efficiently incorporate with other deep learning frameworks for handling the semantic segmentation in the wild. Compared to other ConvNet based segmentation methods _cite_, our proposed fully end-to-end trainable deep networks CRLS inherits all the merits of the LS model to enrich the object curvatures and the ConvNet model to encode powerful visual representation. Indeed, the proposed CRLS is able to learn both object contours via the LS energy minimization and visual representation via the sharing deep features as shown in some examples in Fig.~ _ref_ . To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study on formulating LS-based method under a learnable framework. The contribution of our work can summarized as follows: (N) bridge the gaps between the pure image processing variational LS methods and learnable computer vision approaches; (N) propose a new formulation of curve evolution under an end-to-end deep learning framework by reforming the optimization process of CLS as a current network, named RLS; (N) The proposed RLS framework is formed as a building block which is easily incorporated with other existing deep modules to provide a robust deep semantic segmentation, named CRLS.