Machine learning and deep learning has many potential applications in the automotive domain both inside the vehicle, e. \, g. \advanced driving assistance systems (ADAS), autonomous driving, and outside the vehicle, e. \, g. during development, manufacturing and sales \& aftersales processes. Machine learning is an essential component for use cases, such as predictive maintenance of vehicles, personalized infotainment and location-based services, business process automation, supply chain and price optimization. A common challenge of these applications is the need for storage and processing of large volumes of data as well as the necessity to deal with unstructured data (videos, images, text), e. \, g. \from camera-based sensors on the vehicle or machines in the manufacturing process. To effectively utilize this kind of data, new methods, such as, are required. Deep learning~ _cite_ refers to a set of machine learning algorithms that utilize large neural networks with many hidden layers (also referred to as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) for feature generation, learning, classification and prediction. Deep learning is extensively used by many online and mobile services, such as the voice recognition and dialog systems of Siri, the Google Assistant, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft Cortana, as well as the image classification systems in Google Photo and Facebook. We believe that deep learning has many applications within the automotive industry, such as computer vision for autonomous driving and robotics, optimizations in the manufacturing process (e. \, g. \monitoring for quality issues), and connected vehicle and infotainment services (e. \, g. \voice recognition systems) . The landscape of infrastructure and tools for training and deploying deep neural networks is evolving rapidly. In our previous work, we focused on scalable Hadoop infrastructures for automotive applications supporting workloads, such as ETL, SQL and machine learning algorithms for regression and clustering analysis (e. \, g. \KMeans, SVM and logistic regression) ~ _cite_ . While deep learning applications are similar to traditional big data systems, training and scaling of DNNs is challenging due to the large data and model sizes involved. In contrast to simpler models, deep learning involves millions, instead of hundreds, of parameters and larger datasets, e. \, g. \video, image or text data, for training. Training these models requires scalable storage (e. \, g. \HDFS), distributed processing, compute capabilities (e. \, g. \Spark), and accelerators (e. \, g. \GPUs, FPGAs) . Also, the deployment of these models is a challenging task--for deployment on mobile devices the number of parameters and thus, the required amount of new input data needs to be as small as possible. Modern convolutional neural networks often require billions of operations for a single inference. In this paper, we demonstrate the usage of deep learning in two use cases implemented on cloud and on-premise infrastructure, using different frameworks (Tensorflow, Caffe, and Torch) and network architectures (AlexNet, GoogLeNet and Inception) . We show how to overcome various integration challenges to provide an end-to-end deep learning enabled application: from data collection and labeling, network training and model deployment in a mobile application. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the classifier by analyzing the classification performance of the mobile application during an extended test period. This paper is structured as follows: in section~ _ref_, we give an overview of automotive use cases. We evaluate the current tools available for deep learning in section~ _ref_ . We evaluate different deep learning use cases and models in conjunction with different public and proprietary datasets in section~ _ref_ .