Shape segmentation aims to divide a ND shape into meaningful parts, and to reveal its internal structure. This is the basis and prerequisite to explore the inherent characteristics of the shape. The results obtained from shape segmentation can be applied to various fields of computer graphics, such as shape editing _cite_, deformation _cite_, and modelling _cite_ . Shape segmentation, therefore, has become a research hotspot, yet difficulties in the fields of digital geometric model processing and instance modelling persist. Convolutional networks have shown excellent performance in various image processing problems, such as image classification _cite_, and semantic segmentation _cite_ . With the emerging encouraging study results, many researchers have devoted their efforts to various deformation studies on CNNs, one of which is the fully convolutional network (FCN) _cite_ . This method can train end-to-end, pixels-to-pixels on semantic segmentation, with no requirement over the size of the input image. Thus, it has become one of the key research topics in CNN networks. Although FCNs can generate good results in image segmentation, we cannot directly apply it to ND shape segmentation. This is mainly because image is a type of a static ND array, which has a very standard data structure and regular neighbourhood relations. Therefore, convolution and pooling can be easily operated when processing FCNs. However, the data structure of a ND shape is irregular, so it cannot be directly represented as the data structure of an image. As triangle meshes have no regular neighbourhood relations like image pixels, direct convolution and pooling operations on a ND shape is difficult to fulfil. Inspired by the FCN architecture in image segmentation, we design and implement a new FCN architecture that operates directly on ND shapes by coverting a ND shape into a graph structure. Based on the FCN process of convolution and pooling operation on the image and existing methods of Graph Convolutional Neural Networks _cite_, we design a shape convolution and pooling operation, which can be applied directly to the ND shape. Combined with the original FCN architecture, we build a new shape fully convolutional network architecture and name it . Secondly, following the SFCN architecture mentioned above and the basic flow of image segmentation of FCN _cite_, we devise a novel trained triangles-to-triangles model for shape segmentation. Thirdly, for higher accuracy of segmentation, we use the multiple features of the shape to complete the training on the SFCN. Utilising the complementarity between features, and combined with the multi-label graph cuts method _cite_, we optimise the segmentation results obtained by the SFCN prediction, through which the final shape segmentation results are obtained. Our approach can realize the triangles-to-triangles learning and prediction with no requirements on the triangle numbers of the input shape. Furthermore, many experiments show that our segmentation results perform better than those of existing methods _cite_, especially when dealing with a large dataset. Finally, our method permits mixed dataset learning and prediction. Datasets of different categories are combined together in the test, and the accuracy of the segmentation results of different shapes decreases very little. As shown in Figure _ref_, for a mixed shape dataset from COSEG _cite_ with several categories of shapes, part of the training set are displayed on the left, and some corresponding segmentation results are shown on the right. Figure _ref_ shows the process of our method. The main contributions of this paper include: