With the development of computer vision techniques, more and more people began to focus on understanding the behavior as well as other context of the objects via visual information. Tracking targets in video sequences, one of the core topics with wide applications in video surveillance, rocketed with the boost of tracking-by-detection (TBD) methods _cite_ . The TBD reconstruct the states of targets based on the detection responses by assigning identity to each detection and optimizing the trajectories _cite_ . The prosperity of TBD these years has raised people's interests in a more challenging topic-multi-object tracking (MOT) with unknown numbers. MOT remains difficult due to complex settings of sequences, \eg, intricate trajectories of targets, varying illumination, movements of cameras, \etc. The MOT problem can be handled in an online fashion, which could be adopted in time critical applications. However, the traditional online methods is susceptible to outliers brought by occlusions and noises, \eg, false positives, true negatives, duplicate detections of a single target, \etc. These outliers can cause ambiguities in data association. Some tackles the problem using sparse appearance model _cite_, and others via prediction _cite_ of states in future frames. But dynamics and appearances of the targets are unpredictable in some cases. Batch tracking methods are easier to solve the problem of outliers than online methods by global optimization of association and trajectories. Terms that penalize mutual exclusions and the number of tracklets _cite_ were added to the energy function to regularize trajectories. Apart from advantages of batch methods, one major problem is that the global optimization involves frames in the whole sequence _cite_ which does not suit for real-time applications. Some batch methods require initial solutions, \eg _cite_ . Therefore, we propose our method in this paper, aiming at combining advantages of online and batch methods together while avoiding their disadvantages. We derive an iteratively Approximation-Shrink Scheme (AS Scheme) from the Maximum-A-Posterior (MAP) formulation using sequential approximation. We show that the state space can be effectively shrunk, but there may exist conflicts in the sequential optimization and the results may vary with different optimization sequences. In order to avoid these problems, an Ambiguity-Clearness Graph (A-C Graph) is formulated to efficiently represent the tracklet fragments and ambiguities in the association. A set of rules and procedures are defined for changes of nodes and edges in the graph, \eg, connections, disconnections, transforms, merges, \etc. A sliding Window-of-Ambiguity (WOA) is defined in the A-C Graph for sequential optimization of layers in the graph. Based on the A-C Graph and the sliding WOA optimization, MOT is conducted in a window-wise manner, which is able to disambiguate the association and accelerate the optimization process. We also show that the traditional online and batch approach can be embraced into this framework with different window sizes. Our main contributions can be summarized as: (N) an approximation-shrink scheme that iteratively approximate the global optimization, (N) a window-wise optimization framework based on the novel A-C Graph which embrace the traditional online and batch methods, (N) a unified analysis of window-wise approaches with different window sizes using search tree.