With the advent of Web N and ubiquitous adoption of low-cost and high-resolution digital cameras, users upload and share images on a daily basis. This trend of public image distribution and access to user-friendly editing software such as Photoshop and GIMP has made image forgery a serious issue. Splicing is one of the most common types of image forgery. It manipulates images by copying a region from one image (i.e., the donor image) and pasting it onto another image (i.e., the host image) . Forgers often use splicing to give a false impression that there is an additional object present in the image, or to remove an object from the image. Image splicing can be potentially used in generating false propaganda for political purposes. For example, during the N US Presidential election campaign, an image that showed John Kerry and Jane Fonda speaking together at an anti-Vietnam war protest was released and circulated. It was discovered later that this was a spliced image, and was created for political purposes. Fig. _ref_ shows the spliced image, along with the two original authentic images that were used to create the spliced image . Some additional splicing examples obtained from four datasets are shown in Fig. _ref_ . In this paper, we present an effective solution to the splicing localization problem based on a fully convolutional network (FCN) . The base network architecture is the FCN VGG-N architecture with skip connections, but we incorporate several modifications, including batch normalization layers and class weighting. We first evaluated a single-task FCN (SFCN) trained only on the surface label or ground truth mask, which classifies each pixel in a spliced image as spliced or authentic. Although the SFCN is shown to provide superior performance over existing techniques, it still provides a coarse localization output in certain cases. Thus, we next propose the use of a multi-task FCN (MFCN) that utilizes two output branches for multi-task learning. One branch is used to learn the surface label, while the other branch is used to learn the edge or boundary of the spliced region. It is shown that by simultaneously training on the surface and edge labels, we can achieve finer localization of the spliced region, as compared to the SFCN. Once the MFCN was trained, we evaluated two different inference approaches. The first approach utilizes only the surface output probability map in the inference step. The second approach, which is referred to as the edge-enhanced MFCN, utilizes both the surface and edge output probability maps to achieve finer localization. We trained the SFCN and MFCN using the CASIA N dataset and tested the trained networks on the CASIA N, Columbia Uncompressed, Carvalho, and the DARPA/NIST Nimble Challenge N Science (SCI) datasets . Experiments show that the SFCN and MFCN outperform existing splicing localization algorithms, with the edge-enhanced MFCN achieving the best performance. Furthermore, we show that after applying various post-processing techniques such as JPEG compression, blurring, and added noise to the spliced images, the SFCN and MFCN methods still outperform the existing methods. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Related work is reviewed in Sec. _ref_ . The proposed methods are described in Sec. _ref_ . The performance evaluation metrics are discussed in Sec. _ref_ . Experimental results are presented in Sec. _ref_ . Finally, concluding remarks are given in Sec. _ref_ .