Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is the preferred imaging modality for non-invasive assessment of cardiac performance, thanks to its lack of ionizing radiation, good soft tissue contrast, and high image quality. Cardiac contractile function parameters such as systolic and diastolic volumes, ejection fraction, and myocardium mass are good indicators of cardiac health, representing reliable diagnostic value. Segmentation of the left ventricle (LV) allows us to compute these cardiac parameters, and also to generate high quality anatomical models for surgical planning, guidance, and regional analysis of the heart. Although manual delineation of the ventricle is considered as the gold-standard, it is time consuming and highly susceptible to inter-and intra-observer variability. Hence, there is a need for fast, robust, and accurate semi-or fully-automatic segmentation algorithms. Cardiac MR image segmentation techniques can be broadly classified into: N) no-prior based methods, such as thresholding, edge-detection and linking, and region growing; N) weak-prior based methods, such as active contours (snakes), level-set, and graph-theoretical models; N) strong-prior based methods, such as active shape and appearance models, and atlas-based models; and N) machine learning based methods, such as per pixel classification and convolutional neural network (CNN) based models. A comprehensive review of various cardiac MR image segmentation techniques can be found in _cite_ . Recent success of deep learning techniques _cite_ in high level computer vision, speech recognition, and natural language processing applications has motivated their use in medical image analysis. Although the early adoption of deep learning in medical image analysis encountered various challenges, such as the limited availability of medical imaging data and associated costly manual annotation, those challenges were circumvented by patch-based training, data augmentation, and transfer learning techniques _cite_ . Long {\it et al.} _cite_ were the first to propose a fully convolutional network (FCN) for semantic image segmentation by adapting the contemporary classification networks fine-tuned for the segmentation task, obtaining state-of-the-art results. Several modifications to the FCN architecture and various post-processing schemes have been proposed to improve the semantic segmentation results as summarized in _cite_ . Notably, the U-Net architecture _cite_ with data augmentation has been very successful in medical image segmentation. While segmentation indirectly enables the computation of various cardiac indices, direct estimation of these quantities from low-dimensional representation of the image have also been proposed in the literature _cite_ . However, these methods are less interpretable and the correctness of the produced output is often unverifiable, potentially limiting their clinical adoption. Here we propose a CNN based multi-task learning approach to perform both LV segmentation and cardiac indices estimation simultaneously, such that these related tasks regularize the network, hence improving the network generalization performance. Furthermore, our method increases the interpretablity of the output cardiac indices, as the clinicians can infer its correctness based on the quality of produced segmentation result.