\noindent Efficient detection and segmentation of the gland capsule in prostate MR images are critical for diagnosis, management, and prognosis. The traditional approaches on automatic prostate segmentation in MR images are mainly based on anatomical atlas registration _cite_, deformable models _cite_, and optimization algorithms _cite_ . However, the task still faces great challenges since the prostate MR images tend to come with large variability in the size / shape of the gland, heterogeneity in signal intensity around endorectal coils, and low contrast between the gland and adjacent structures. The availability of a large amount of annotated medical image data and pre-trained deep models has made it feasible to use deep learning for medical image segmentation and classification. Recently some deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based methods have achieved convincing segmentation performance in prostate MR images. A ND approach _cite_ was built based on combining the Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) _cite_ and Residual Network (ResNet) _cite_ for efficient prostate segmentation. Similar to the popular U-Net _cite_, a ND segmentation model _cite_ was designed based on a volumetric, fully-convolutional neural network. Despite using volumetric convolutions and residual connections to maintain the spatial and contextual information, _cite_ ignores that the prostate MR volumes tend to come with anisotropic voxel resolution and especially have low between-slice resolution. In addition, since the biomedical volumetric segmentation task can be regarded as a dense per-voxel classification problem, both classification and localization issues are crucial for accurate segmentation. However, existing methods mainly focus on the localization issues but neglect the per-voxel classification problem, which tend to limit the segmentation performance. \indent In this paper, we propose a new deep ND Global Convolutional Adversarial Network (GCA-Net) that combines a ND global convolutional network with an adversarial network for efficient prostate segmentation. Fig. N outlines the main components of our ND GCA-Net. To address volumetric prediction of the prostate MR images, we first design a ND fully convolutional encoder-decoder model for the segmentation task. We construct a ND ResNet model _cite_ as the encoder. In the decoder part, we design multi-level hybrid global convolution blocks and boundary refinement blocks to tackle classification and localization issues simultaneously for volumetric segmentation. In addition, to adaptive to the imaging resolution in prostate MR volumes, the traditional ND convolution kernels are replaced by ND anisotropic convolutions _cite_ throughout the segmentation network. The multi-scale concatenation structure is also added to further reduce the loss of volumetric context information between different layers. Moreover, for CNN-based architectures, the spatial continuous prediction label maps are almost unavailable since the label variables are predicted independently by CNN from each other. To overcome this, in the training stage, we introduce adversarial training _cite_ to the segmentation network as a regularization term. Compared to the traditional approaches _cite_ which use conditional random fields (CRFs) to reinforce contiguity in the prediction label maps with pair-wise terms, the proposed ND adversarial binary classification network can enforce the CNN to form higher-order consistent prediction maps, but also add no extra complexity to the segmentation model in the inference stage. \indent We quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate our approach against several state-of-the-art approaches _cite_ on both the MICCAI Grand Challenge-Prostate MR Image Segmentation Challenge N (PROMISE N) dataset _cite_ and the NCI-ISBI N Challenge-Automated Segmentation of Prostate Structures (ASPS N) dataset _cite_ . The experimental results show our ND GCA-Net achieves superior segmentation performance compared to the state-of-the-art.