Place classification is one of the important problems in human-robot interactions and mobile robotics, which aims to distinguish differences between environmental locations and assign a label (corridor, office, kitchen, etc.) to each location~ _cite_ . It allows robots to achieve spatial awareness through semantic understanding rather than having to rely on precise coordinates in communicating with humans. Furthermore, the semantic labels has the potential to efficiently facilitate other robotic functions such as mapping~ _cite_, behavior-based navigation~ _cite_, task planning~ _cite_ and active object search and rescue~ _cite_ . In general, place classification is carried out through environment sensing. Laser range finders, cameras and RGB-D sensors are the mostly used sensing modalities. Location and topological information can also be informative in place classification. In this work, it is attempted to exploit both the sensory data and location information. We assume all the maps in this paper contain these two parts of information and some of the maps are labeled with human knowledge. Then the place classification problem can be stated as predicting the labels of new environments given the labeled maps. By analysing those two forms of data, sensory data and location information, we can gain insights into the characteristics of the place classification problem. Raw sensory data encode the environment information at different locations which can provide discriminative information between different classes. However, this requires an effective feature extraction method and most of the previous works tend to extract hand-engineered features from the raw data~ _cite_ . Our opinion is that the hand held features, may not fully exploit the potential to achieve higher generalization ability. On the other hand, the locations encode the spatial information of the environment and indicate the local consistency of the labels, which means the positions at spatial proximity have higher probability to having the same class labels. It is to be noted that another difficulty in place classification is the influence of different field of views (FOV) of the sensors used. For example, if a laser range finder collects N _inline_eq_ FOV data facing approximately to a corner of a corridor, it may not contain enough information for classification. If the laser range finder collects _inline_eq_ FOV data at a door of an office room, the robot might be confused to with mixed information from two classes. In order to address these problems, in this paper, we propose a graph regularized deep learning approach classification on multi-layer inputs. The pipeline of our system is illustrated in Fig.~ _ref_, which can be split into three parts: N) Construction of multi-layer inputs: The environmental information in this paper is represented through the generalized Voronoi graph (GVG) ~ _cite_, a in which the nodes correspond to the sensory data and the edges denote the relationships. By fusing the information and eliminating the end-nodes, we implement a recursive algorithm to construct multi-layer inputs with hierarchical GVGs. The inputs of higher layers contain information of larger field of view, represented by increasingly succinct GVG. The features are extracted from each layer of input and classified independently. N) The graph regularized deep architecture for feature learning and classification: We adopt the deep architecture that learns features from the raw data automatically. A graph regularizer is imposed to the deep architecture to keep the local consistency, where an is constructed to depict the adjacency and similarity between the samples. Our training map and testing maps are fed into the deep architecture for feature learning at the same time, which forms a semi-supervised learning framework. The output of this step is the predicted labels of different layers. N) The confidence tree for decision making: After receiving the classification results of multi-layer inputs, confidence trees are constructed according to the, and a decision making process is carried out to maximize the overall confidence. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section~ _ref_ reviews the related literature. In Section~ _ref_, we introduce the construction of our multi-layer inputs and the confidence tree for decision making. The semi-supervised classification with graph regularization is given in Section~ _ref_ . Experimental results are presented in Section~ _ref_ to validate the effectiveness of our end-to-end classification framework. Then the paper is concluded in Section~ _ref_ .