morphological and topographical changes of retinal vessels may indicate some pathological diseases, such as diabetes and hypertension. Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) caused by elevated blood sugar levels, is a complication of diabetes in which retinal blood vessels leak into the retina, accompanying with the swelling of the retinal vessels~ _cite_ . It must be noticeable if a diabetic patient appears in a swelling of the retinal vessels. Hypertensive Retinopathy (HR) is another commonly seen retina disease caused by high blood pressure~ _cite_ . An increased vascular tortuosity or narrowing of vessels can be observed in a patient with high blood pressure~ _cite_ . Therefore, retinal blood vessels extracted from fundus images can be applied to the early diagnosis of some severe disease. This inspires the proposal of more accurate retinal blood vessel detection algorithms in order to facilitate the early diagnosis of pathological diseases. However, the retinal blood vessels present extremely complicated structures, together with high tortuosity and various shapes~ _cite_, which makes the blood vessel segmentation task quite challenging. Different approaches have been proposed for blood vessel detection. They are mainly divided into two categories: manual segmentation and algorithmic segmentation. The manual way is time-consuming and in high-demand of skilled technical staff. Therefore, automated segmentation of retinal vessels, which can release the intense burden of manual segmentation, is highly demanded. However, due to the uneven intensity distribution of the retinal vascular images, the subtle contrast between the target vessels and the background of the images, high complexity of the vessel structures, coupled with image noise pollution, it is quite challenging to segment the retinal blood vessels in an accurate and efficient way. Deep learning has shown its excellence in medical imaging tasks. Recently, the Fully Conventional Neural Network (FCN) based network such as U-Net~ _cite_ has attracted more attention compared with the traditional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) due to its ability to obtain a coarse-to-fine representation. In this study, we proposed an FCN-based network named Deformable U-Net (DUNet) that greatly enhances deep neural networks' capability of segmenting vessels in an end-to-end and pixel-to-pixel manner. It is designed to have a U-shape similar to U-Net~ _cite_ where upsampling operators with a large number of feature channels are stacked symmetrically to the conventional CNN, so context information is captured and propagated to higher resolution layers and thus a more precise segmentation is obtained. Furthermore, inspired by the recently proposed deformable convolutional networks (Deformable-ConvNet) ~ _cite_, we stacked deformable convolution blocks both in the encoder and decoder to capture the geometric transformations. Therefore, the receptive fields are adaptively adjusted according to the objects' scales and shapes and complicated vessel structures can be well detected. Deformable-ConvNet and U-Net are used for comparison. All the networks were trained from scratch and detailed analysis of the experimental results was provided. In the next section, we give a brief literature review of related work. Section~ _ref_ explains the architecture of DUNet and systematic retinal blood vessel segmentation method. Deformable-ConvNet and U-Net are also introduced briefly in this section. Experimental results are presented in Section~ _ref_, where we evaluate the proposed method on three different retinal blood vessel datasets. Conclusions and discussions are given in Section~ _ref_ .