Object recognition plays an important role in computer vision, and has been extensively discussed in the literature _cite_ . The main difficulty in creating a robust object detection approach comes from the wide range of variations in images of objects belonging to the same object class. Similar objects from the same class might have different sizes, different shapes because of the view points etc. Having a part-based model helps to overcome these issues and create an abstract model of the object by using its parts. Similar challenges of different textures, lighting, background and etc. increase the difficulties of detecting an object in a picture. The traditional approach of overcoming these challenges follows the following steps: Most of the traditional approaches follow these steps sequentially. Each of them is created and trained first, and the output of each step is fed as the input to the next step. However, the interactions and feedbacks of each step to the other one has not been studied well. Ouyang et al _cite_ proposed the first model for joint learning of all of these steps in one single deep convolutional network and reported good results in pedestrian detection scenarios. Their model is based on learning all of the steps at the same time, and use the output of higher levels in training the lower levels. Figure _ref_ shows their approach for joint deep learning in pedestrian detection. Their method is capable of using the training data in creating better low level filters. This vividly explains why the joint learning can be beneficial comparing to independent learning. In this paper we focus on Ouyang's work _cite_ for pedestrian detection and mostly base our work on their efforts. The main contribution of this paper is to generalize their framework and apply it on other applications. The author strongly believes that this approach has the potential to become a generic framework for object recognition. The biggest advantage of this approach is its flexibilities where it makes the approach very easy to change application. We can imagine that the same method can be applied to other objects too. We also believe that the deformation layer of this methodology makes it more useful for objects that are composed of many parts. As an example a bicycle can be a good representative object. Another interesting application can be in animal detection where their body parts are not rigid and may have different articulations.