Psychophysical and neurophysiological studies of the human visual system confirm the abundance of top-down effects that occur when an image is observed. Such top-down signals can stem from either internal (endogenous) processes of reasoning and attention or external (exogenous) stimuli-i.e. cues-that affect perception (cf. _cite_, Chapter N for a more detailed breakdown) . External stimuli having such effects are said to the visual system, and potentially have a profound effect on an observer's perception. This often results in an ``Aha!'' moment for the viewer, as he/she suddenly perceives the image differently; Fig. _ref_ shows an example of such a case. We make here the distinction between N detection strategies: (N), (N) and (N) . Freely viewing the image, the default strategy, likely reveals nothing more than a dry grassy field near a house. Introducing a cue about a target in the image results in one of two possibilities. The first, also known as priming, is modification to the computation performed when viewing the scene with the cue in mind. The second, which we call pruning-is a modification to the decision process after all the computation is finished. When the task is to detect objects, this can mean retaining all detections match the cue, even very low confidence ones and discarding all others. While both are viable ways to incorporate the knowledge brought on by the cue, priming often highly increases the chance of detecting the cued object. Viewing the image for an unlimited amount of time and pruning the results is less effective; in some cases, detection is facilitated only by the cue. We claim that priming allows the cue to affect the visual process from early layers, allowing detection where it was previously unlikely to occur in free-viewing conditions. This has also recently gained some neurophysiological evidence _cite_ . In this paper, we propose a mechanism to mimic the process of visual priming in deep neural networks in the context of object detection and segmentation. The mechanism transforms an external cue about the presence of a certain class in an image (e.g., ``person'') to a modulatory signal that affects all layers of the network. This modulatory effect is shown via experimentation to significantly improve object detection performance when the cue is present, more so than a baseline which simply applies post-processing to the network's result. Furthermore, we show that priming early visual layers has a greater effect that doing so for deeper layers. Moreover, the effects of priming are shown to be much more pronounced in difficult images such as very noisy ones. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: in Sec. _ref_ we go over related work from computers vision, psychology and neurophysiology. In Sec. _ref_ we go over the details of the proposed method. In Sec. _ref_ we elaborate on various experiments where we evaluate the proposed method in scenarios of object detection and segmentation. We finish with some concluding remarks.