Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been shown to be powerful tools for learning visual representations from images. They often consist of multiple layers of non-linear functions with a large number of trainable parameters. Hierarchical features can be obtained by training the CNNs discriminatively. In the medical image computing domain, recent years have seen a growing number of applications using CNNs. Although there have been recent advances in tailoring CNNs to analyse volumetric images, most of the work to date studies image representations in ND. While volumetric representations are more informative, the number of voxels scales cubically with the size of the region of interest. This raises challenges of learning more complex visual patterns as well as higher computational burden compared to the ND cases. While developing compact and effective ND network architectures is of significant interest, designing ND CNNs remains a challenging problem. The goal of this paper is to design a high-resolution and compact network architecture for the segmentation of fine structures in volumetric images. For this purpose, we study the simple and flexible elements of modern convolutional networks, such as dilated convolution and residual connection. Most of the existing network architectures follow a fully convolutional downsample-upsample pathway~ _cite_ . Low-level features with high spatial resolutions are first downsampled for higher-level feature abstraction; then the feature maps are upsampled to achieve high-resolution segmentation. In contrast to these, we propose a novel ND architecture that incorporates high spatial resolution feature maps throughout the layers, and can be trained with a wide range of receptive fields. We validate our network with the challenging task of automated brain parcellation into _inline_eq_ structures from TN-weighted MR images. We show that the proposed network, with twenty times fewer parameters, achieves competitive segmentation performance compared with state-of-the-art architectures. A well-designed network could be trained with a large-scale dataset and enables transfer learning to other image recognition tasks~ _cite_ . In the field of computer vision, the well-known AlexNet and VGG net were trained on the ImageNet dataset. They provide general-purpose image representations that can be adapted for a wide range of computer vision problems. Given the large amount of data and the complex visual patterns of the brain parcellation problem, we consider it as a pretext task. Our trained network is the first step towards a general-purpose volumetric image representation. It potentially provides an initial model for transfer learning of other volumetric image segmentation tasks. The uncertainty of the segmentation is also important for indicating the confidence and reliability of one algorithm~ _cite_ . The high uncertainty of labelling can be a sign of an unreliable classification. In this work, we demonstrate the feasibility of voxel-level uncertainty estimation using Monte Carlo samples of the proposed network with dropout at test time. Compared to the existing volumetric segmentation networks, our compact network has fewer parameter interactions, and thus potentially achieves better uncertainty estimates with fewer samples.