Face frontalization refers to predicting the frontal view image from a given profile. It is an effective preprocessing method for pose-invariant face recognition. Frontalized profile faces can be directly used by general face recognition methods without retraining the recognition models. Recent studies have shown that frontalization is a promising approach to address long-standing problems caused by pose variation in face recognition system. Additionally, generating photographic frontal faces are beneficial for a series of face-related tasks, including face reconstruction, face attribute analysis, facial animation, etc. Due to the appealing prospect in theories and applications, research interest has been lasting for years. In the early stage, most traditional face frontalization methods _cite_ are ND-based. These methods mainly leverage theories in monocular face reconstruction to recover ND faces, and then render frontal view images. The well-known ND Morphable Model (NDMM) _cite_ has been widely employed to express facial shape and appearance information. Recently, great breakthroughs have been made by the methods based on generative adversarial networks (GAN) _cite_ . Those methods frontalize faces from the perspective of ND image-to-image translation and build deep networks with novel architectures. The visual realism has been improved significantly, for instance, in Multi-PIE _cite_, some synthesized results _cite_ from small pose profiles are so photographic that it is difficult for human observers to distinguish them from the real ones. Furthermore, frontalized results have been proved to be effective to tackle the pose discrepancy in face recognition. Through the ``recognition via generation'' framework, i.e., rotating the profiles to the frontal views, which can be directly used by general face recognition methods, frontalization methods _cite_ achieve state-of-the-art pose-invariant face recognition performance on multiple datasets, including Multi-PIE and IJB-A _cite_ . Even though much progress has been made, there are still some ongoing issues for in-the-wild face frontalization. For traditional ND-based approaches, due to the shortage of ND data and the limited representation power of backbone ND model, their performances are commonly less competitive compared with GAN-based methods albeit some improvements _cite_ have been made. However, GAN-based methods heavily rely on minimizing pixel-wise losses to deal with the noisy data for in the wild settings. As discussed in many other image restoration tasks _cite_, the consequence is that the outputs lack variations and tend to keep close to the statistical meaning of the training data. The results will be over-smoothed with little high-level texture information. Hence, current frontalization results are less appealing in a high-resolution and the output size is often no larger than \ (N \times N \) . To address the above issues, this paper proposes a High Fidelity Pose Invariant Model (HF-PIM) that combines the advantages of ND and GAN based methods. In HF-PIM, we frontalize the profiles via a novel texture warping procedure. Inspired by recent progress in ND face analysis _cite_, we introduce a dense correspondence field to bind the ND and ND surface spaces. Thus, the prerequisite of our warping procedure is decomposed into two well-constrained problems: dense correspondence field estimation and facial texture map recovering. We build a deep network to address the two problems and benefit from its greater representation power than traditional ND-based methods. Furthermore, we propose Adversarial Residual Dictionary Learning (ARDL) to get rid of the heavy reliance on ND data. Thanks to the ND-based deep framework and the capacity of ARDL for fine-grained texture representation _cite_, high-resolution results with faithful texture details can be obtained. We make extensive comparisons with state-of-the-art methods on the IJB-A, LFW _cite_ and Multi-PIE datasets. We also frontalize \ (N \times N \) images from CelebA-HQ _cite_ to push forward the advance in high-resolution face frontalization. Quantitative and qualitative results demonstrate our HF-PIM dramatically improves pose-invariant face recognition and produces photographic high-resolution results potentially benefitting many real-world applications. To summarize, our main contributions are listed as follows: