Accurately estimating three dimensional geometry from stereo imagery is a core problem for many computer vision applications, including autonomous vehicles and UAVs _cite_ . In this paper we are specifically interested in computing the disparity of each pixel between a rectified stereo pair of images. To achieve this, the core task of a stereo algorithm is computing the correspondence of each pixel between two images. This is very challenging to achieve robustly in real-world scenarios. Current state-of-the-art stereo algorithms often have difficulty with textureless areas, reflective surfaces, thin structures and repetitive patterns. Many stereo algorithms aim to mitigate these failures with pooling or gradient based regularization _cite_ . However, this often requires a compromise between smoothing surfaces and detecting detailed structures. In contrast, deep learning models have been successful in learning powerful representations directly from the raw data in object classification _cite_, detection _cite_ and semantic segmentation _cite_ . These examples demonstrate that deep convolutional neural networks are very effective for understanding semantics. They excel at classification tasks when supervised with large training datasets. We observe that a number of these challenging problems for stereo algorithms would benefit from knowledge of global semantic context, rather than relying solely on local geometry. For example, given a reflective surface of a vehicle's wind-shield, a stereo algorithm is likely to be erroneous if it relies solely on the local appearance of the reflective surface to compute geometry. Rather, it would be advantageous to understand the semantic context of this surface (that it belongs to a vehicle) to infer the local geometry. In this paper we show how to learn a stereo regression model which can be trained end-to-end, with the capacity to understand wider contextual information. Stereo algorithms which leverage deep learning representations have so far been largely focused on using them to generate unary terms _cite_ . Applying cost matching on the deep unary representations performs poorly when estimating pixel disparities _cite_ . Traditional regularization and post processing steps are still used, such as semi global block matching and left-right consistency checks _cite_ . These regularization steps are severely limited because they are hand-engineered, shallow functions, which are still susceptible to the aforementioned problems. This paper asks the question, can we formulate the entire stereo vision problem with deep learning using our understanding of stereo geometry? The main contribution of this paper is an end-to-end deep learning method to estimate per-pixel disparity from a single rectified image pair. Our architecture is illustrated in . It explicitly reasons about geometry by forming a cost volume, while also reasoning about semantics using a deep convolutional network formulation. We achieve this with two key ideas: Section _ref_ introduces this model and illustrates these components in more detail. In Section _ref_ we evaluate our model on the synthetic Scene Flow dataset _cite_ and set a new state-of-the-art benchmark on the KITTI N and N datasets _cite_ . Finally, in Section _ref_ we present evidence that our model has the capacity to learn semantic reasoning and contextual information.