Lung cancer is also called bronchiogenic carcinoma, because about N \% primary pulmonary cancer is originated from bronchial mucosa. Lung cancer is the top deadly cancer, with the five-year survival rate of N percent (based on N-N SEER database) . In N, there were an estimated N, N people living with bronchial lung cancer in the United States (https: //seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/lungb.html) . In China, lung cancer is the most common cancer and the leading cause of cancer death, especially for men in urban areas _cite_ . There were N, N tracheal, bronchus, and lung (TBL) cancer deaths, about one third of the N, N, N deaths on a global scale in N _cite_ . Another serious health problem in developing countries derived from lung is tuberculosis (TB) . China accounts for more than N \% of the global TB burden. Currently, Chinese government aims to suppress the TB prevalence from N per N, N population to N per N, N population and stabilize it by N (WHO goal) _cite_ . Chest x-ray is a cheap and fast imaging device which are commonly used for diagnosis of lung disease including pneumonia, tuberculosis, emphysema and cancer. It is particularly useful for emergency use. With a very small dose of radiation, it generates a ND projection image including lungs. However, due to its limitation in visualizing lung in ND, it was gradually replaced by chest CT for lung nodule detection. The downside of the chest CT is its relatively higher radiation. Still in developing country, chest x-ray is used as primary tool for tuberculosis screening or diagnosis. With these radiological imaging tools, radiologists are able to diagnose diseases in clinical or make a referral in a screening situation. Once patients are suspected to have lung cancer or TB with X-ray or CT, bronchoscopy is followed-up from radiological imaging. Bronchoscopy is used as one of the invasive tool to directly detect the disease since Ns _cite_ . Fig. _ref_ shows an example of normal tissue, TB and cancer. In bronchoscopy, usually we can observe that invasive TB, the lumen surface suffers from inflammatory change with hyperemia, edema and ulceration. Lung adenocarcinomas grow extraluminally and lead to lumen stenosis without affecting mucosal surface of lumen. Therefore, the mucosal surface of lumen is relatively smooth. However, squamous lung cancers always form intruding nodules and are difficult to be differentiated from TB granuloma visually. Computational aid is therefore needed in bronchoscopy, especially for lesion discrimination and targeting. Accurate targeting the disease area could significantly reduce the biopsy trauma and increase diagnostic accuracy _cite_ . One typical computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) technique for bronchoscopy is so called virtual bronchoscopy (VB) _cite_ . VB is normally created from CT scans and used for guiding the bronchoscopy to locate lesions _cite_ . Several techniques, such as segmentation _cite_, registration _cite_ and tracking _cite_, were introduced to the VB to facilitate the guiding process. Despite the guiding, VB also improves diagnostic accuracy for peripheral lesions compared with traditional bronchoscopy _cite_ Due to the limitation of detecting small lesions (e.g. a few cells thick) by traditional bronchoscopy, autofluorescence bronchoscopy (AFB) _cite_ and narrow band imaging (NBI) _cite_ were adopted. These new imaging techniques improved the sensitivity _cite_ or specificity _cite_ for the early stage cancer detection. Although AFB and NBI have their advantages for lung cancer diagnosis, the traditional bronchoscopy is still the most used technique in daily clinical routine practice and bronchoscopic biopsy is a cornerstone in the lesion diagnosis. However, bronchoscopic biopsy may cause massive bleeding during the operation and it is life-threating. Therefore, it is very necessary to be selective on the bronchoscopic biopsies. To improve the diagnosis accuracy without performing bronchoscopic biopsies, CADs technique can play a role. To the best of our knowledge, CADs was not properly studied for the traditional bronchoscopy. In this study, we are the first to develop a computer-aided diagnosis system to classify cancer, TB and normal tissues in traditional bronchoscopy. We adopted the latest deep learning technique and are the first to propose a novel transfer-learning concept: sequential fine-tuning.