Deep CNNs are well suited for large-scale learning based visual recognition tasks because of its highly scalable training algorithm, which only needs to cache a small chunk (mini-batch) of the potentially huge volume of training data during sequential scans (epochs) . They have achieved increasingly better performance in recent years. As datasets become bigger and the number of object categories becomes larger, one of the complications that come along is that visual separability between different object categories is highly uneven. Some categories are much harder to distinguish than others. Take the categories in CIFARN as an example. It is easy to tell an Apple from a Bus, but harder to tell an Apple from an Orange . In fact, both Apples and Oranges belong to the same coarse category fruit and vegetables while Buses belong to another coarse category vehicles N, as defined within CIFARN. Nonetheless, most deep CNN models nowadays are flat N-way classifiers, which share a set of fully connected layers. This makes us wonder whether such a flat structure is adequate for distinguishing all the difficult categories. A very natural and intuitive alternative organizes classifiers in a hierarchical manner according to the divide-and-conquer strategy. Although hierarchical classification has been proven effective for conventional linear classifiers _cite_, few attempts have been made to exploit category hierarchies _cite_ in deep CNN models. Since deep CNN models are large models themselves, organizing them hierarchically imposes the following challenges. First, instead of a handcrafted category hierarchy, how can we learn such a category hierarchy from the training data itself so that cascaded inferences in a hierarchical classifier will not degrade the overall accuracy while dedicated fine category classifiers exist for hard-to-distinguish categories? Second, a hierarchical CNN classifier consists of multiple CNN models at different levels. How can we leverage the commonalities among these models and effectively train them all? Third, it would also be slower and more memory-consuming to run a hierarchical CNN classifier on a novel testing image. How can we alleviate such limitations? In this paper, we propose a generic and principled hierarchical architecture, Hierarchical Deep Convolutional Neural Network (HD-CNN), that decomposes an image classification task into two steps. An HD-CNN first uses a coarse category CNN classifier to separate easy classes from one another. More challenging classes are routed downstream to fine category classifiers that focus on confusing classes. We adopt a module design principle and every HD-CNN is built upon a building block CNN. The building block can be chosen to be any of the currently top ranked single CNNs. Thus HD-CNNs can always benefit from the progress of single CNN design. An HD-CNN follows the coarse-to-fine classification paradigm and probabilistically integrates predictions from the fine category classifiers. Compared with the building block CNN, the corresponding HD-CNN can achieve lower error at the cost of a manageable increase in memory footprint and classification time. In summary, this paper has the following contributions. First, we introduce a novel hierarchical architecture, called HD-CNN, for image classification. Second, we develop a scheme for learning the two-level organization of coarse and fine categories, and demonstrate various components of an HD-CNN can be independently pretrained. The complete HD-CNN is further fine-tuned using a multinomial logistic loss regularized by a coarse category consistency term. Third, we make the HD-CNN scalable by compressing the layer parameters and conditionally executing the fine category classifiers. We have performed evaluations on the medium-scale CIFARN dataset and the large-scale ImageNet N-class dataset, and our method has achieved state-of-the-art performance on both of them.