Fetal imaging has revolutionized prenatal care, allowing for early identification of structural and functional anomalies. Rigorous evaluation of fetal brain maturity and development is particularly critical due to the high prevalence of abnormalities (an estimated N in N pregnancies) ~ _cite_ . Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has unrivaled diagnostic efficacy in detecting neurodevelopmental abnormalities. Despite its robust clinical utility, interpretation of fetal brain MRI remains a tremendous challenge for radiologists and clinicians due to the rapidly changing architecture of the normally maturing brain. Knowledge of the gestational age of the fetus is crucial to the accurate interpretation of fetal brain MRI. Despite its importance, our understanding of anatomical neurodevelopmental milestones in utero is limited to the gross evaluation of the cortical gyration (i.e. folding pattern of the brain’s cortical surface) ; and at this time, such coarse assessments are performed by a relatively “primitive” means of visual inspection and among a small pool of expert pediatric neuroradiologists at tertiary care fetal centers. This study investigates the problem of predicting gestational age of fetal brain using multi-view MRI sequences. This study draws inspiration from the recent development of attention-based neural networks, a class of deep-learning methods that is capable of producing a spatial map that highlights regions of interest towards image object detection and interpretation~ _cite_ . This study's contributions are as follows: (i) We demonstrate the proposed end-to-end framework is able to powerfully predict gestational age of fetal brains. (ii) We present experimental evidence that attention on the weakly-supervised activation maps can significantly improve the accuracy of these prediction from a baseline model without attention. (iii) The proposed multi-view prediction model largely improves the regression performance by incorporating useful information from different views.