Acute Hypotensive Episodes (AHE) among patients in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) can lead to multiple organ failure and even death~ _cite_ . An accurate and early detection of such clinically critical event is important for improving treatment and survival rate among ICU patients. In the past decade numerous efforts have been made at early AHE detection. Most of these efforts are machine learning approaches in which statistical features from various vital signals of ICU patients are first extracted and then utilized within a classification framework. For example, in _cite_ samples from Arterial Blood Pressure (ABP) signal are utilized in a Neural Network, in _cite_ multiple features such as an average and exponential weighted average from both the ABP vital signal and waveform are utilized in a classification framework, and in _cite_ averages of the ABP signal over every five minutes are utilized in Distributed Stratified Locality Sensitive Hashing. Limited efforts have been made to incorporate information from multiple vital signals~ _cite_ . The majority of existing works utilize features extracted from the ABP signal and Mean Arterial Pressure (MAP) as their fundamental measurement. However, by utilizing a single signal and MAP, these approaches fail to incorporate the different correlations that could exist among the various vital signals. Moreover, all of the existing methods rely on explicitly extracting features from a few selected vital signals. However, none of these hand-crafted signal features have the ability to capture the complex time oriented patterns that exist within one signal, and, with delays and time dilations, across different signals. In this study, we present a framework that goes beyond explicit hand-crafted feature based signal similarity assessment. It is achieved by unsupervised learning of representations from a large training dataset of multivariate time-series ICU signals using a sequence-to-sequence gated recurrent unit (GRU) based auto-encoder; the learning model will capture the complex temporal dynamics within a signal and the inter-dependency among various signals in a fixed-length vector embedding. These compact and information rich vectorial representations of the training multivariate signals are used to hash a labeled dataset to support similarity-based retrieval. The similarity set then supports prediction. It also provides clinicians with historical comparisons. The presented framework is applied to AHE prediction on a large and diverse dataset containing N vitals signal recordings from over N, N different patients ICU stays at N different ICU centers. Our preliminary study achieves an accuracy of N _inline_eq_ in early AHE detection showing the feasibility of this method. To the best of our knowledge this is the first attempt at utilizing a large database of multivariate vital signals for AHE prediction. We further study the learned representations to interpret how information from various signals are encoded within them. This framework provides a general solution to predicting critical ICU events beyond the tested application of early AHE detection.