One in eight U.S. women will develop invasive breast cancer at some point in their lives, placing breast cancer as the second most commonly diagnosed form of cancer, regardless of gender . The World Health Organization recommends the use of the Nottingham Grading System for tumor grading . The Nottingham Grading System is derived from the assessment of three main morphological features: nuclear atypia, mitotic count and tubule formation. Nuclear atypia is described as the deformation of nuclei in a population of cells and is characterized by the following factors: size of nuclei, size of nucleoli, density of chromatin, thickness of nuclear membrane, regularity of nuclear contour, and anisonucleosis (size variation within a population of nuclei) . Tubule formation is described as the percent of cancer cells that are in regular tubule formation. As the cancer becomes more belligerent, the tumor cells proliferate via mitosis (the process of cellular division), making the mitotic count of a tumor an important prognostic factor. For this study, we will be focusing on the most documented and salient feature involved in an accurate breast cancer prognosis: mitotic count. Mitotic count needs little to no professional interpretation, due to the simple metrics used to identify proliferation rates using the mitotic count per high power field (HPF's: the area visible under the maximum magnification power of a microscope): N-N mitoses per N HPF's is low proliferation, N-N mitoses per N HPF's is moderate proliferation and more than N mitoses per N HPF's is severe proliferation. Despite the prevalence of breast cancer, current methods for breast cancer prognosis are quite primitive. Trained pathologists are needed to examine hundreds of high power fields of histology images. Biopsies often take around two to ten days for results to return to the patient . Given the growing number of breast cancer incidences, the traditional method for breast cancer prognosis is not sustainable. A computational approach would be a much more time and cost effective alternative, allowing for a streamlined breast cancer prognosis pipeline. This would allow for the deploying of pathological services to impoverished areas and the optimization of care centers globally. However, there are some complications that limit the accuracy of both computational and manual mitotic count extraction. Obtaining an accurate mitotic count is quite a challenge, as mitoses are often of low density, but high variation throughout HPF's . Such variation is seen across the four phases of mitosis (prophase, metaphase, anaphase and telophase), with each phase having its own distinct size and shape (see Fig. _ref_) . Mitotic figures in the anaphase or telophase stage of mitosis are often misclassified as N mitotic figures rather than N. The low density of mitotic figures is evident in the metrics used to classify various cancer severity levels using mitotic counts: N-N mitoses per N HPF's is low proliferation, N-N mitoses per N HPF's is moderate proliferation and more than N mitoses per N HPF's is severe proliferation. On average there are about N-N mitotic figures per HPF. Low density and high variation of mitotic figures makes scanning through hundreds of HPF's a tedious task when done manually and makes the practice susceptible to human error. For example, apoptotic cells (cells undergoing preprogrammed cell death) and other debris accumulated while preparing the tissue sample are often confused with mitoses due to their shaded, circular appearance. Irregularities in hematoxylin and eosin (H \&E) staining across cancer research/treatment centers also add to the variation of breast cancer histopathology images. Prior computational approaches to mitotic figure detection in breast cancer histopathological images within the scope of contests do not generalize well to new sets of data, resulting in relatively poor performance on an evaluation dataset. Outside the scope of participants in a mitotic figure detection challenge, several improvements have been made, but the methods are not accurate enough for clinical viability. Deep learning is a growing field geared towards multi-scale pattern detection using deep neural network architectures. Adaptations of models like the convolutional neural network (CNN) can extract high level features from images to be used for object detection tasks like obtaining a mitotic count. One example of such a model is the Faster-RCNN proposed by, which uses features from an image to produce spatial coordinates for bounding boxes associated with certain classes. We propose MITOS-RCNN: an adaptation of the Faster-RCNN model geared towards the automatic detection and counting of mitotic figures in breast cancer histopathology images. Our model was trained using the ICPR N, AMIDA N and MITOS-ATYPIA-N challenge datasets. We later compare the results of our models when fed sample images to those of previous works and demonstrate that our model significantly outperforms all other approaches.