As datasets for multimedia evaluations~ _cite_ grow larger and larger and become more difficult to handle, performing machine learning on perceptually compressed data has become increasingly mainstream~ _cite_ . In the past practice of feature extraction, many communities had established the rule, however, that features should be extracted on uncompressed data for machine learning to achieve better results. Today, with the exception of consumer produced videos, machine learning systems are usually trained and tested on high quality image and audio datasets. So input quality is an important practical challenge that is often overlooked in the design of machine learning systems. Deep learning has obtained state-of-the-art performance on many machine vision and audition tasks. However, the relationship between lossy compression and machine learning performance mostly remains unexplored. In this article, we propose a fundamental answer to this question. Our approach to the problem is a reinterpretation of the Helmholtz free energy formula from physics to explain the relationship between content and noise when using sensors to capture multimedia data. This allows the empirical estimation of the noise content in images, audio, and videos based on combining a classifier with perceptual compression, such as JPEG or MPN. Our experiments on the CIFAR-N as well as Fraunhofer's IDMT-SMT-Audio-Effects dataset indicate that, at the right quality level, perceptual compression is not harmful and contributes to a significant reduction of complexity of the machine learning process. That is, our noise estimation method can be used to speed up the training of deep learning classifiers significantly while maintaining and sometimes even improving overall classification accuracy. Moreover, we conclude that our results provide insights into the reasons for the success of deep learning. Our paper is structured as follows: Section~ _ref_ starts by presenting related work on the interaction between perceptual compression and machine learning and also on the use of Helmholtz' theories to to inspire results in machine learning and multimedia applications. Section~ _ref_ briefly introduces the original physical interpretation of Helmholtz free energy and then derives our re-interpretation of the formula. Section~ _ref_ explains how the re-interpretation can be used productively to estimate noise content, culminating in the derivation of the expected shape of the measurement results in Figure~ _ref_ . Section~ _ref_ then presents measurements on both audio and image data to confirm the theoretical derivations. Section~ _ref_ finally concludes the article with an interpretation of the nature of deep learning in the light of the results in this paper and presents possible directions for future work.