Scene labeling has played an important role in many applications in computer vision and machine learning. This problem is known as semantic segmentation and refers to associating one class to each pixel in a scene image. To address this issue, a large body of researches have recently proposed different approaches mainly focusing on contextual information via recurrent neural network _cite_ or enriching visual representations via convolutional neural network _cite_ . However, scene labeling problem in the real world needs both information of the context dependencies and visual representation. For example, powerful visual representation is capable to discriminate a road from a beach; but it may not effective enough to tell a patch of sand belongs to the side of a road or to a beach. In such circumstance, the context presented in the whole scene can show its advantage to describe them. Indeed, the roles of contextual information and powerful descriptive visual representation are equally important in the scene labeling problem. To effectively address the scene labeling problem, we propose a novel deep network named Contextual Recurrent Residual Network (CRRN) that inherits all the merits of sequence learning information and residual learning in order to simultaneously model long-range contextual information and learn powerful visual representation within a single deep network . Our proposed CRRN deep network consists of three parts corresponding to sequential input data, sequential output data and hidden state. Each unit in hidden state is designed as a combination of two components: a context-based component via sequence learning and a visual-based component via residual learning. That means, each hidden unit in our proposed CRRN simultaneously (N) learns long-range contextual dependencies via context-based component. The relationship between the current unit and the previous units is performed as sequential information under an undirected cyclic graph (UCG) and (N) provides powerful encoded visual representation via residual component which contains blocks of convolution and/or batch normalization layers equipped with an identity skip connection. Furthermore, unlike previous scene labeling approaches _cite_, our method is not only able to exploit the long-range context and visual representation but also formed under a fully-end-to-end trainable system that effectively leads to the optimal model. In contrast to other existing deep learning network which are based on pre-trained models, our fully-end-to-end CRRN is completely trained from scratch.