Skin protects the body against infection and injury and helps to regulate body temperature. Cancer cells are formed on the skin when healthy cells change and grow uncontrollably, forming a mass called tumor. A tumor can be malignant or benign. Malignant tumor is very dangerous and can grow and spread to other parts of the body. A benign tumor may or may not be cancerous and it may grow but will not spread to other parts of the body. The benign or malignant tumors may arise from either melanocytes or non-melanocytic cells of skin. Melanoma is a malignant tumor of melanocytes and it develops when unrepairable DNA damage has happened to skin cells which triggers mutations. These mutations cause the skin cells to multiply rapidly and form malignant tumors. These tumors originate in the pigment producing melanocytes in the basal layer of the epidermis. The majority of melanomas are black or brown, but they can also be skin-colored, pink, red, purple, blue or white. Melanoma is caused mainly by intense, occasional UV exposure (frequently leading to sunburn), especially in those who are genetically predisposed to the disease. Melanocytic Nevus _cite_ are benign proliferation of melanocytes. They usually present as a brownish lesion with well defined borders with excess hair in it. The surface of the nevus may be roughed. Seborrheic keratoses _cite_ are common, benign, pigmented epidermal tumors. Lesions appear as coin-like, sharply demarcated, exophytic lesions and are “stuck on the skin” with a verrucous, rough, dull or punched-out surface. Flat lesions often have a smooth surface and are scarcely elevated above the surface of the skin. If melanoma is detected early and treated, it can be cured, but if not, the cancer spreads to other part of the body and can be fatal. A statistical analysis of color features on two different feature space such as lesion and object feature space has been proposed by Cheng Y et al. _cite_ to classify various type of skin lesions. Chang W-Y and Huang A and Yang C-Y et al _cite_ proposed a Computer Aided diagnosis system which used conventional and new color-related image features to classify the lesions as benign or malignant using support vector machines (SVMs) . The review of the state of art of different systems and current practices, problems, and prospects of image acquisition, pre-processing, segmentation, feature extraction and selection, and classification of dermoscopic images were reported in _cite_ . The classification system of skin lesion involves preprocessing the image for noise and hair removal, segmentation of lesions and extracting features from the lesions to further classify them. Instead of going for explicit feature engineering, techniques have been developed which learn an image representation using deep neural networks. Our proposed automated system aims to detect the type and cause of the cancer directly using image representation obtained from Google's Inception-vN model. Based on the representation vector we have performed two phase classification using N layer feed forward neural network with softmax activation function in our output layer. The two phase classification is achieved using two different neural networks with same representation vector. In phase-N we have determined the type of cancer either as malignant and benign and the phase-N involves determining the cause of cancer either due to melanocytic or non-melanocytic cells.