Moments after the Boston marathon bombing, the FBI gathered almost NTB of photos and videos, looking for a ``backpack-carrying man, wearing a white hat''. In suspect descriptions, humans tend to rely on visual attributes since (i) they can be composed in different ways to create descriptions; (ii) they are generalizable as with some fine-tuning they can be applied to recognize objects for different tasks; and (iii) they are a meaningful semantic representation of objects or humans that can be understood by both computers and humans. Given an image of a human, a question that arises is how can someone effectively predict the corresponding visual attributes? In this work, we propose CILICIA (CurrIculum Learning multItask ClassIfication Attributes) to address the problem of visual attribute classification from images of humans. Instead of using low-level representations which would require extracting hand-crafted features, we propose a deep learning method to solve multiple binary classification tasks. CILICIA differentiates itself from the literature as: (i) it performs end-to-end learning by feeding a single ConvNet with the entire image of a human without making any assumptions about predefined connection between body parts and image regions; and (ii) it exploits the advantages of both multi-task and curriculum learning. Tasks are split into two groups based on their cross-correlation. The group of the strongly correlated attributes is learned first, and then the acquired knowledge is transferred to the second group. When Vapnik and Vashist introduced the learning using privileged information (LUPI) paradigm _cite_, they drew inspiration from human learning. They observed how significant the role of an intelligent teacher was in the learning process of a student, and proposed a machine learning framework to imitate this process. Employing privileged information from an intelligent teacher at training time has recently received significant attention from the scientific community with remarkable results _cite_ . Our work also draws inspiration from the way students learn in class. First, students find it difficult to learn all tasks at once. It is usually easier for them to acquire some basic knowledge first, and then build on top of that, by learning more complicated concepts. This can be achieved by learning in a hierarchical way as in the method of Yan \etal~ _cite_ or with a curriculum strategy. Curriculum learning _cite_ (presenting easier examples before more complicated and learning tasks sequentially, instead of all at the same time) imitates this learning process. It has the advantage of exploiting prior knowledge to improve subsequent classification tasks but it cannot scale up to many tasks since each subsequent task has to be learned individually. However to maximize students' understanding a curriculum might not be sufficient by itself. Students also need a teaching paradigm that can guide their learning process, especially when the task to be learned is challenging. The teaching paradigm in our method is the split of visual attribute classification tasks that need to be learned into strongly and weakly correlated. In that way, we exploit the advantages of both multi-task and curriculum learning. First, the ConvNet learns the strongly correlated tasks in a multi-task learning setup, and once this process is completed, the weights of the respective tasks are used as an initialization for the more diverse tasks. During the training of the more diverse tasks, the prior knowledge obtained is leveraged to improve the classification performance. An illustrative example of our method is depicted in Figure~ _ref_ . In summary, this paper has the following contributions. First, we introduce CILICIA, a novel method of exploiting the advantages of both multi-task and curriculum learning by splitting tasks into two groups based on their correlation with the rest of the tasks. The tasks of each subgroup are learned in a joint manner. Thus, the proposed method learns better and converges faster than learning all the tasks in a typical multi-task learning setup. Second, we propose a scheme of transferring knowledge between the groups of tasks which reduces the convergence time and increases the performance. We performed extensive evaluations, ablation studies and an analysis of the covariates in one small-scale dataset and one medium-scale dataset and achieved state-of-the-art results.