The problem of single image super-resolution (SISR) has attracted much attention and progress in recent years. The primary objective of SISR algorithms is to recover the high-resolution (HR) image from a given single low-resolution (LR) image. By definition, SISR is an ill-posed problem as no unique solution exists for a given LR image. The same LR image can be obtained by down-sampling a large number of different HR images. The ill-posedness of SISR becomes particularly pronounced when the scaling factor increases. Deep learning approaches attempt to solve this ill-posed problem by learning a mapping between the LR and its corresponding HR image in a direct or indirect manner. Recent works on deep neural networks based SISR have shown significant performance improvement in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) . SISR with deep networks gained momentum with the primal work of Chao et al. _cite_ . While _cite_ used a N layer convolutional neural network (CNN), the subsequent works used deeper network architectures _cite_ and new techniques to improve the restoration accuracy _cite_ and computational complexity _cite_ . Despite significant progress in both reconstruction accuracy and speed, a majority of the existing works are still far away from reconstructing realistic textures. This is mainly because of the fact that these works are aimed at improving distortion scores such as PSNR and structural similarity index (SSIM) by optimizing pixel-wise computed error measures such as mean squared error (MSE) . In the context of SISR, the optimal MSE estimator returns the mean of many possible solutions _cite_ which often leads to blurry, overly smooth, and unnatural appearance in the output, especially at the information-rich regions. Previous studies _cite_ revealed that pixel-wise computed error measures correlate poorly with human perception of image quality. Considering the fact that, the behavior of optimization-based SR methods are strongly influenced by the choice of objective function, one should be able to obtain high-quality images by picking the best suited objective function for the task at hand. This is the main motivation behind the recent works on SISR _cite_ that came up with new ways to improve the perceptual quality of reconstructed images. A detailed analysis conducted by _cite_ showed that distortion and perceptual quality are at odds with each other and there is always a trade-off between the two. As observed in _cite_, the restoration algorithms that are superior in terms of perceptual quality, are often inferior in terms of distortion measures. They came up with a new methodology for evaluating image restoration methods which can be used to better reveal this trade-off. They have proposed to map SR methods onto a perception-distortion plane and choose the SR method which yields the lowest perceptual score for a given range of distortion measure as the best performing method for that range. They have also suggested that adversarial loss can be used to achieve the desired trade-off for the specific application in mind. Though the work in _cite_ concluded that the existing SISR works perform well in either of these metrics, the possibility to achieve better trade-off in different regions of the perception-distortion plane was left unexplored. In this work, we analyze the perception-distortion trade-off that can be achieved by the well-known SISR architecture-enhanced deep super-resolution (EDSR) network _cite_ . In our analysis, we limit our focus to SISR by a factor of N for LR images distorted by the bicubic down-sampling operator. Selection of EDSR was motivated by the fact that it is one of the state-of-the-art network architecture in terms of the distortion measure for SISR. Since the original work of EDSR proposed in _cite_ is aimed at improving distortion measure alone, the perceptual quality achieved by EDSR is poor as pointed out by _cite_ . We train EDSR network using a combination of loss functions that can improve distortion measures as well as perceptual quality. Motivated by the observations in _cite_, we use a combination of MSE loss, perceptual (VGG) loss, and adversarial loss to train EDSR. Use of adversarial loss to improve perceptual quality allowed our approach to traverse different regions in the perception-distortion plane with ease. We name our approach as enhanced perceptual super-resolution network (EPSR) . Our experiments reveal that EPSR can be used to achieve the state-of-the-art trade-off between distortion measure and perceptual quality corresponding to three different regions in the perception-distortion plane. Our main contributions are summarized below. _inline_eq_ We expand the scope of EDSR and show that it can be adapted to improve the perceptual quality by compromising on distortion measures. _inline_eq_ Our proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art perception-distortion trade-off results corresponding to different regions in the perception-distortion plane