detection is crucial to many animals' survival in searching for food and/or escaping from predators. For future intelligent robots, ability to detect collision timely and efficiently is also critical to navigate in a dynamic environment mixed with human hosts. There are now a few state-of-the-art collision detectors based on either infra-red, ultrasound, laser, radar, vision sensor or combination of these sensors _cite_ . However, those solutions are restricted heavily from wider application due to their size, efficiency, reliability and/or energy consumption. Amongst different sensing modalities, vision plays an irreplaceable role in responding to a dynamic environment for many animals. On the other hand, the traditional segmentation and registration based computer vision methods can not cope with the degree of complexity in real physical world for real time collision detection tasks _cite_ . As the result of hundreds of millions of years evolution, biological vision systems have provided abundant source of inspirations for constructing artificial visual systems for collision detection. Especially the insects' vision systems, which have demonstrated amazing ability in interacting with the dynamic world yet with very limited number of neurons compared to the vertebrates' brains, could be ideal models to design collision free artificial vision systems. In locusts, for example, much progress has been made in understanding the cellular mechanisms underlying motion detection _cite_ . A group of Lobula Giant Movement Detectors (LGMDs) in the third stack of neuropiles in the locusts’ optic lobe have been discovered _cite_,-two of them, which are identified as LGMDN and LGMDN, respond selectively to looming objects in depth _cite_ with high frequency spikes. In morphology, both LGMDs have a characteristic, extensive fan-shaped arbor _cite_, as shown in Fig. _ref_ . The lobula arbor of LGMDN is beneath that of LGMDN; there are also two dendritic subfields (B and C in Fig. _ref_) located more ventrally in the lobula area of LGMDN, which are lacking from LGMDN. The Descending Contralateral Motion Detector (DCMD) is a one-to-one post-synaptic target neuron to LGMDN, which is directly excited through a chemical synapse between them and conveys information to further motion control system _cite_ . However, the post-synaptic partner to LGMDN is still unknown _cite_ . Compared to LGMDN, recent research revealed LGMDN matures early in juvenile, even the newly hatching locusts _cite_ . The juveniles are lacking of wings so that living mainly on the ground, whereas they are already capable of reacting to imminent dangers, especially swooping predators from the sky. Recent investigation suggests that the LGMDN neuron could be a dominant collision-detector for juvenile's hiding behaviors _cite_ . Computationally modeling the fascinating collision-detecting neurons such as LGMDN and LGMDN will not only deepen our understanding of the visual pathways in locusts, but also shed lights to vision systems for future robots. In the past decades, LGMDN neuron has been modeled and tested in vehicles and robots for collision detection _cite_ . On the other hand, for LGMDN in juvenile locusts, although it shows unique selectivity on dark looming objects against bright background, yet very little LGMDN modeling work has been done in the past _cite_ . In this paper, we attempt to fill this gap by modeling LGMDN and testing the model with systematic experiments to demonstrate its characteristic and potential. Unlike the previous LGMDN models, e.g. _cite_, we proposed a new structure to separate the ON and OFF channels from the photoreceptor layer. For the first time, the LGMDN model works well in responding selectively to only dark looming objects against bright background but not to white/bright objects embedded in dark background or to other translating moving objects, demonstrating the unique characteristics of LGMDN neurons in juvenile locusts. We have also implemented spike frequency adaptation (SFA) mechanism _cite_, to further enhance the selectivity of LGMDN model on dark looming objects amongst other visual stimuli such as receding or translating movements, although there are other mechanisms in shaping LGMDs' looming selectivity _cite_ . In the following sections, we will first review the related works in Section _ref_ . We then illustrate the detailed LGMDN model with parameters setting in Section _ref_ . The systematic experiments with results, analysis and further discussion are followed up in Section _ref_ . Finally, we give a conclusion.