In this work, we address an image inpainting problem, which is to recover missing regions of an image, as shown in Fig.N. The key to the problem is how to model structural relationship between local regions of natural images, and then use it for estimating pixel intensities of the missing regions. Indeed, this has been a major concern in previous studies of image inpainting, and therefore it is often formulated as a structured prediction problem~ _cite_ . In general, structured prediction problems are formulated as energy minimization; an energy function is incorporated to model structural relationship between unknowns (e.g., pixel intensities in the case of image inpainting), and the unknowns are estimated by minimizing it. Recently, deep networks were applied to image inpainting, and have achieved great success~ _cite_ . In these works, deep networks are trained using training samples so that they can estimate pixel intensities of missing regions of an input image; the computation is performed in a feedforward manner from an input image to an output inpainted image. In the training step, generative adversarial networks (GANs) are popularly used. In GANs which do not employ energy functions, the structural relationship between image pixels is implicitly represented internally inside the deep networks, which is obtained through learning (and partly modeled by the network architectures) . Likewise, similar deep-network-based approaches have been applied with success to various problems which were formerly treated as structured prediction problems, such as human pose estimation, image super-resolution, etc. In parallel to this trend, Belanger et al.~ _cite_ proposed to use deep networks in the framework of structured prediction, where deep networks are used to define energy functions. As compared with previous approaches such as manually designed energy functions or training of shallow models (e.g., conditional random fields (CRFs)), their approach is expected to improve the representation power of energy functions as well as their accuracy in modeling structural relationship through learning from data. The structural relationship thus learned is still implicitly represented internally in deep networks. However, the performance of this method to various structured prediction problems is not so clear as of now; for instance, it remains unclear which approach is better for individual problems between the energy-based and the non-energy-based methods, both of which use deep networks. This must and can only be clarified through evaluations by its applications to various tasks. With these in mind, in this study, we apply the energy-based method that uses deep networks to image inpainting, while there is no study in the literature to the authors’ knowledge. As shown in Fig.~ _ref_, we aim to learn the structural relationship between the unmasked and masked regions in a natural image. For this purpose, we propose a two-path CNN having inter-layer connections between the paths, which takes an input image with missing regions and any image (which is to be optimized in the inference phase) as the inputs of the two paths, respectively. It outputs energy for the input image pair from its final layer. In the training phase, we train this CNN using a dataset of a pair of an original image and its masked version. The trained CNN provides an energy function that models deep structural relationship between unmasked and masked regions for different images. In the inference phase, given an image with masked regions, we minimize the energy function realized by the CNN, yielding an inpainted image in which masked regions are filled with estimated pixels (Section~ _ref_) . We tested the proposed method on benchmark image inpainting datasets~ _cite_ . We evaluate the proposed method qualitatively and quantitatively, and show its success compared to the state-of-the-art methods~ _cite_ in Section~ _ref_ . The results show that our proposed method successfully generates both realistic and accurate inpainted images for given masked images. Our contributions are summarized as follows: