Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) _cite_ have been successfully applied to many tasks, such as video prediction _cite_, image translation _cite_, etc. Specifically, GANs learn to generate data by playing a two-player game: a generator tries to produce samples from a simple latent distribution, and a discriminator distinguishes between the generated data and real data. Recently, many attempts have been made to improve GANs _cite_ . However, existing studies suffer from two limitations. First, many studies employ some simple prior distribution, such as Gaussian distributions _cite_ and uniform distributions~ _cite_ . However, such pre-defined prior distributions are often independent of the data distributions and these methods may produce images with distorted structures without sufficient semantic information. Although such semantic information can be represented by some latent distribution, e.g., extracting embeddings using an AutoEncoder~ _cite_, how to conduct sampling from this distribution still remains an open question in GANs. Second, the generalization ability of GANs w.r.t. the dimension of the latent distribution is unknown. In practice, we observe that the performance of GANs is sensitive to the dimension of the latent distribution. Unfortunately, it is difficult to analyze the dimensionality of the latent distribution, since the specified prior distribution is independent of the real data. Therefore, it is very necessary and important to explore a new method to study the dimension of latent distribution and its impacts on the generalization ability. In this paper, relying on the manifold assumption on images~ _cite_, we propose a novel generative model using Local Coordinate Coding (LCC) ~ _cite_ to improve GANs in generating perceptually convincing images. First, we employ an AutoEncoder to learn embeddings lying on the latent manifold to capture the semantic information in data. Then, we develop a new LCC sampling method for training GANs by exploiting the local information on the latent manifold. The contributions of this paper are summarized as follows. First, we propose an LCC sampling method for GANs to capture the local information of data. With the LCC sampling, the proposed scheme, called LCC-GANs, is able to sample meaningful points from the latent manifold to generate new data. Second, we study the generalization bound of LCC-GANs based on the Rademacher complexity of the discriminator set and the error w.r.t. the intrinsic dimensionality of the manifold. In particular, we prove that a small dimensional input is sufficient to achieve good generalization performance. Extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over several state-of-the-arts.