The fingerprint is one of the most important biometric modalities due to its uniqueness and easy acquisition process. Leveraged by rapid advances in sensor technologies and matching algorithm development, automatic fingerprint recognition has been widely adopted as a highly-accurate identification method. The operation of a typical fingerprint recognition system consists of three main steps. In the preprocessing step, a raw fingerprint is enhanced to reduce noise, connect broken ridges and separate joined ridges. In the second step, exact ridge patterns are processed to extract local features, namely minutiae, from the enhanced image. In the final step, a match score between two fingerprint features is calculated by analyzing properties of minutiae (location, orientation, etc.) using local and global relationships between them. In past decades, algorithms for fingerprint matching have advanced rapidly, resulting in the development of numerous and varied commercial fingerprint recognition systems. These algorithms have very high performance in identifying clean samples _cite_, but often fail in identifying samples which are distorted. Consequently, recognizing dirty fingerprints is a challenging problem for fingerprint recognition systems. Most of the fingerprint matching algorithms are based on calculating the relative properties between features within a fingerprint, and matching them with other fingerprints. However, distortion that can occur during the collection process changes the relative properties of fingerprint features and causes a notable decrease in recognition performance _cite_ . There are two main types of recognition scenarios. In the positive recognition scenario, the goal is user authentication, wherein the user cooperates with the recognition system in order to be recognized and obtain access to locations or systems. In contrast, the negative recognition scenario deals with an uncooperative user who is unwilling to be identified. Based on the recognition goal, the quality of the fingerprint can lead to different consequences. In the positive recognition scenario, low-quality fingerprints prevent legitimate users from being authenticated. Although this brings inconvenience, users learn to reduce distortion after several authentication attempts. Serious consequences of low-quality fingerprints are tied with the negative recognition scenario in which users may deliberately decrease the quality of fingerprint to avoid being identified _cite_ . Actually, attempts of altering and damaging fingerprints in order to impair identification have been reported by law enforcement officials _cite_ . Hence, increasing fingerprint quality is a necessary task in negative recognition systems. Additionally, it provides the added benefit of reducing the inconvenience of false rejection of valid users in positive recognition systems. The quality of fingerprint samples can be deteriorated by many factors, either geometrically or photometrically. The primary cause of photometric degradation is artifacts on the finger or sensor, such as oil, moisture or markings from previous impressions. Photometric degradation in fingerprints has been widely investigated in terms of detection _cite_ and compensation _cite_ . Fingers have cylindrical shape with relatively small radius compared to ridge pattern size. Capturing fingerprint samples is a complex mapping from a ND surface to a ND image, since the finger is being pressed onto a platen on a sensor. This mapping differs for each impression, referred to as geometric distortion. Geometric distortion is related to mechanical properties, such as the force and torque a user applies to the finger in the acquisition process. Different from photometric distortion, geometric distortion introduces translational and rotational error in the relative distances and orientations of local features. These relative distances and orientations of local features are the abstract identifiers of a user. In the presence of photometric distortion, the match score decreases since many minutiae may be missing, or false minutiae may be detected. On the contrary, in cases of severe geometric distortion, the match score decreases because the new composition of minutiae forms a completely different ID caused by the distortion. The issue is more critical in negative recognition systems, since distorted samples are still of high quality compared to clean samples, but matching algorithms fail to recognize them. In this paper, we address the geometric distortion problem of fingerprint recognition systems by proposing a fast and effective distortion estimator which captures the non-linear properties of geometric distortion of fingerprints. While recently proposed methods handle distortion using a dictionary of distorted templates, for this work, we use a DCNN to estimate the principal distortion components of input samples. Our approach has the following contributions: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. In section _ref_, related works are reviewed. Section _ref_ describes the proposed approach, and section _ref_ presents the experimental results. Finally, we conclude the paper in section _ref_ .