Although convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are highly successful in a variety of applications _cite_, they have received relatively little attention in medical image analysis until recently. This has been primarily due to the lack of availability of large public data sets. One of the significant areas for development in medical image analysis is breast cancer screening. Even though performing full diagnosis by the means of a neural network remains a challenge _cite_, elements of achieving this wider goal are feasible with current state of the art methods. In this paper, we explore one of them, namely breast density classification. Mammographic density reflects the composition of fibroglandular and fat tissue of a breast as seen on a mammogram. In clinical practice in the United States, breast density is qualitatively categorized into four types: a) almost entirely fatty, b) scattered areas of fibroglandular density, c) heterogeneously dense and d) extremely dense. The last two categories are considered ``dense'' _cite_ . Dense breast tissue is common and is the typical fibroglandular breast tissue pattern in young women. About N \% of women over the age of N years have dense breasts. After menopause the breasts tend to contain more fat as the glands involute. Dense breast tissue reduces the effectiveness of mammography because it has a ``masking effect'' and will hide an underlying tumor. Studies also consistently show an increased risk of developing breast cancer in women with high mammographic density compared with women with low mammographic density. Masking of cancer by dense tissue has become a political issue with women requesting supplemental tests if they have dense breasts. There are currently states in the US that mandate women receive notification about breast density with their mammography results. Due to significant variability in the radiologist' assessment of breast density, computer methods have been developed to improve consistency. One of them, Cumulus, is a software program requiring manual input to outline and measure the area of breast tissue relative to overall breast area _cite_ . Recently, automated programs have been developed that measure percent density as a function of area or volume. Several automated density programs have demonstrated high reproducibility _cite_ and correlation with volumetric density as measured by MRI _cite_ . However, these commercially available products do not involve any learning, therefore they lack the flexibility and robustness of learning models. On the other hand, all learning models in literature were trained and tested with small amounts of data. Hence there still is a need to have a precise automated assessment of breast density based on learning directly from data.