Multi-person pose estimation aims to localize body joints of multiple persons captured in a ND monocular image~ _cite_ . Despite extensive prior research, this problem remains very challenging due to the highly complex joint configuration, partial or even complete joint occlusion, significant overlap between neighboring persons, unknown number of persons and more critically the difficulties in allocating joints to multiple persons. These challenges feature the unique property of multi-person pose estimation compared with the simpler single-person setting~ _cite_ . To tackle these challenges, existing multi-person pose estimation approaches usually perform joint detection and partition, mainly following two different strategies. The strategy~ _cite_ first detects persons and then performs pose estimation for each single person individually. The strategy~ _cite_, in contrast, generates all joint candidates at first, and then tries to partition them to corresponding person instances. The top-down approaches directly leverage existing person detection models~ _cite_ and single-person pose estimation methods~ _cite_ . Thus they effectively avoid complex joint partitions. However, their performance is critically limited by the quality of person detections. If the employed person detector fails to detect a person instance accurately (due to occlusion, overlapping or other distracting factors), the introduced errors cannot be remedied and would severely harm performance of the following pose estimation. Moreover, they suffer from high joint detection complexity, which linearly increases with the number of persons in the image, because they need to run the single-person joint detector for each person detection sequentially. In contrast, the bottom-up approaches detect all joint candidates at first by globally applying a joint detector for only once and then partition them to corresponding persons according to joint affinities. Hence, they enjoy lower joint detection complexity than the top-down ones and robustness to errors from early commitment. However, they suffer from very high complexity of partitioning joints to corresponding persons, which usually involves solving NP-hard graph partition problems~ _cite_ on densely connected graphs covering the whole image. In this paper, we propose a novel solution, termed the (GPN), to overcome essential limitations of the above two types of approaches and meanwhile inherit their strengths within a unified model for efficiently and effectively estimating poses of multiple persons in a given image. As shown in Figure~ _ref_, GPN solves multi-person pose estimation problem by simultaneously N) modeling person detection for joint partition as a generative process inferred from all joint candidates and N) performing local inference for obtaining joint categorizations and associations conditioned on the generated person detections. In particular, GPN introduces a dense regression module to generate person detections with partitioned joints via votes from joint candidates in a carefully designed embedding space, which is efficiently parameterized by person centroids. This generative partition model produces joint candidates and partitions by running a joint detector for only one feed-forward pass, offering much higher efficiency than top-down approaches. In addition, the produced person detections from GPN are robust to various distracting factors, \eg, occlusion, overlapping, deformation, and large pose variation, benefiting the following pose estimation. GPN also introduces a local greedy inference algorithm by assuming independence among person detections for producing optimal multi-person joint configurations. This local optimization strategy reduces the search space of the graph partition problem for finding optimal poses, avoiding the high joint partition complexity challenging the bottom-up strategy. Moreover, the local greedy inference algorithm exploits reliable global affinity cues from the embedding space for inferring joint configurations within robust person detections, leading to performance improvement. We implement GPN based on the Hourglass network~ _cite_ for learning joint detector and dense regressor, simultaneously. Extensive experiments on MPII Human Pose Multi-Person~ _cite_, extended PASCAL-Person-Part~ _cite_ and WAF~ _cite_ benchmarks evidently show the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed GPN. Moreover, GPN achieves new state-of-the-art on all these benchmarks. We make following contributions. N) We propose a new one-pass solution to multi-person pose estimation, totally different from previous top-down and bottom-up ones. N) We propose a novel dense regression module to efficiently and robustly partition body joints into multiple persons, which is the key to speeding up multi-person pose estimation. N) In addition to high efficiency, GPN is also superior in terms of robustness and accuracy on multiple benchmarks.