The question of whether modern video prediction models can correctly represent important sources of variability within a video, such as the motion parameters of cameras or objects, has not been addressed in sufficient detail. Moreover, the manner in which existing video prediction datasets have been constructed---both real-world and synthetic---makes probing this question challenging. Real-world datasets have thus far used videos from action recognition datasets~ or other ``in-the-wild'' videos~, assuring to some degree that the sets of sampled objects and motions will vary realistically between training and testing time. However, as the parameters governing the video appearance and dynamics are unknown, failures in prediction cannot be easily diagnosed. Synthetic datasets, on the other hand, define a set of dynamics (such as object translation or rotation) and apply them to simple objects with pre-defined appearances such as MNIST digits~ or human head models~ . Since they are generated from known sets of objects and motion parameters, representations from a video prediction model can be evaluated based on how accurately they predict the generating parameters. However, up until now, both the training and testing splits of these datasets have been generated by sampling from the same object dataset and set of motion parameters, making it difficult to gauge the robustness of video representations to unseen combinations of object and dynamics. Our proposition is simple: a dataset that explicitly controls for appearance and motion parameters---and can alter them between training and testing time---is essential to answering the question of whether video prediction networks capture in their representations useful physical models of the visual world. To this end, we propose the Moving Symbols dataset, which extends Moving MNIST~ with features designed to answer this question. Unlike existing implementations of Moving MNIST, which hard-code the image source files and speed of dynamics, we allow these parameters to change between training and testing time, enabling us to evaluate a model's robustness to multiple types of variability in the input. Additionally, we log the motion parameters at each time step to enable the evaluation of motion parameter recovery. To demonstrate the utility of our dataset, we evaluate a state-of-the-art video prediction model from on a series of dataset splits designed to stress-test its capabilities. Specifically, we present it with videos whose objects exhibit appearances and movements that differ from the training set in a controlled manner. Our results suggest that modern video prediction networks may fail to maintain the appearance and motion of the object for unseen appearances and rates, a problem that, to the best of our knowledge, has not yet been clearly expounded.