Coral reefs are complex marine ecosystems typical to the warm and shallow seas of the tropics. The reefs are created by the slow accumulation of hard calcium carbonate skeletons that hard coral species leave behind when they die, waiting for another coral to live in it and expand the reef. Coral reefs are one of the most valuable ecosystems in the world as they are extremely biodiverse. They support up to two million species and a quarter of all marine life on Earth~ . They are also very important from the human point of view . Coral species help to clean the water and remove nitrogen and carbon, they are a source for medicine research and economic wealth from fishing and tourism, they are also a natural barrier for coastal protection against hurricanes and storms and, since many of them are thousands and even millions years old, their study helps scientists to understand climatic events of the past. The study of the distribution of coral reefs over time can provide important clues about the impact of global warming and water pollution levels. According to, we have already lost N \% coral reefs areas since the Ns and, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species, in N there were N threatened species in the evaluated N \% of the estimated total of species. This is due to the fact that coral reefs do not tolerate temperature changes and a quarter of the carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere is absorbed by the ocean, in addition to the water pollution and other problems caused by humans. With recent advancements in image acquisition technologies and growing interest in this topic among the scientific community, huge amount of data on coral reefs is being collected. However, it is complicated to keep a record of all coral species because there are thousands of them and the taxonomy is mutable. This is due to new discoveries made by scientist or because they may change the order, family or genus of existing species as they gather more knowledge about them. In addition, some coral species have different sizes, shapes and colors, but other coral species seem to be identical for a human observer. As a consequence, a successful coral classification has always demanded an expert biologist. If we can automate the classification by using the amount of coral images that is being collected, we can help scientists to study more closely that amount of data, making an important step towards automatic knowledge discovery process. In fact, automatizing the classification process of coral images has been addressed in a few number of works. Most of them use machine learning models combined, in some cases, with image enhancement techniques and feature extractors. Among these works, only use several datasets. In recent years, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown outstanding accuracies for image classification, especially in the field of Computer Vision. Currently, their applications branch out to a plethora of diverse fields, where analysis of image data is required. In biology, CNNs have been evaluated and compared with machine learning algorithms for wood classification . In coral classification, the use of CNNs is challenging due to the variance between images of the same class, the lightning variations due to the water column or the fact that some coral species tend to appear together. Besides, CNNs need a large dataset to achieve a good performance. In practice, two techniques are used to overcome this limitation: transfer learning and data augmentation. There are some works that use CNNs for coral classification, but they use popular CNNs, like VGGnet or LeNet and they only use one dataset to test their models. Besides, they not use EILAT or RSMAS. We propose to use more capable CNNs to overcome the limitations of previously applied deep learning models. We want to develop a much more accurate model approaching the human expert, facing the specific problems of coral classification using several datasets. In particular, we have considered three of the most promising CNNs, Inception vN, ResNet and DenseNet . Inception is a newer version of GoogleNet, which won the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Competition (ISLVRC) competition in N. ResNet won the same competition in N and DenseNet beat the results of ResNet in N. We have considered two underwater coral datasets, RSMAS and EILAT, and we have compared our results with the most accurate model . In these datasets, the images are patches of the corals, that is, they are small and they show a little part of the coral, a texture, not the entire structure of the coral. The contributions of this work are the following: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. An overview of the three considered CNNs is provided in Section _ref_ . The challenges of coral classification and related works are given in Section _ref_ . A description of the coral datasets we have used is provided in Section _ref_ . The experiments and results are given in Section _ref_ and the final conclusions of this study are given in Section _ref_ .