Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness all over the world, with approximately N million cases reported worldwide in N, and an increase by N million is expected in N _cite_ . If left unnoticed, glaucoma can cause irreversible damage to the optic nerve leading to blindness. Therefore, diagnosing glaucoma at early stages is very important _cite_ . Optic nerve examination includes eye fundus test, which requires a doctor localizing areas of optic disc and optic cup (central part of optic disc) and finding their borders. Presence of glaucoma can be identified by noticing optic nerve cupping, i.e. increase of optic cup in size. One of the main indicators of the disease is cup-to-disc ratio (CDR)---a ratio between heights of cup and disc _cite_ . It is considered one of the most representative features of optic disc and cup areas for glaucoma detection, and, according to _cite_, eye with CDR of at least N is usually considered as glaucomatous in clinical practice. Relative size of these two organs is one of the most valuable factors determining the presence of glaucoma. Segmentation of the optic disc and cup is a very time-consuming task currently performed only by the professionals. As stated in _cite_, according to the research, full segmentation of optic disc and cup requires about eight minutes per eye for a skilled grader. Solutions for automated analysis and assessment of glaucoma can be very valuable in various situations, such as mass screening and medical care in countries with significant lack of qualified experts. Computer-aided diagnosis of glaucoma can be based on the optic disc and cup segmentation algorithms. Nowadays, methods of deep learning provide the state-of-the-art results on many tasks of image processing, including the semantic and instance segmentation. In many cases, a small number of objects is to be found, but, on the other hand, often only small datasets can be acquired, class imbalance is present, and very high recognition quality and robustness is required _cite_ . In this work we intend to provide a new end-to-end approach to the medical segmentation task of optic disc and cup borders localization, which is based on well-known and highly-performing U-Net _cite_ convolutional neural network (CNN) of encoder-decoder style. The latter is used as a basic block for a cascade of networks employed as the main model proposed. We refer to the neural network built as Stack-U-Net. Compared to many other approaches of building the cascade of refinement networks, the one proposed in this work does not depend on the structure of the task and can be straightforwardly applied to many applications of image segmentation, image-to-image translation, etc. Despite the linear growth of the number of parameters with the number of blocks, we observe that the model leads to the rate of overfitting similar to the original U-Net and only provides a noticeable quality gap. We consider this a consequence of regularly placed bottlenecks---the first layers of each basic network. This way, the basic models, conditioned by an input image, are only working to refine the output of the preceding basic models. In this article we evaluate how the described extension can be employed to enhance image segmentation quality, and how many basic modules are optimal to make the full cascade learn hierarchy of representative features of an image.