Designing a logo is a lengthy process that requires continuous collaboration between the designers and their clients. Each drafted logo takes time and effort to be designed, which turns this creative process into a tedious and expensive endeavor. Recent advancements in generative models suggest a possible use of artificial intelligence as a solution to this problem. Specifically, Generative Adversarial Neural Networks (GANs) _cite_, which learn how to mimic any distribution of data. They consist of two neural networks, a generator and a discriminator, that are contended against each other, trying to reach a Nash Equilibrium _cite_ in a minimax game. Whilst GANs and other generative models have been used to generate almost anything, from MNIST digits _cite_ to anime faces _cite_, Mario levels _cite_ and fake celebrities _cite_, logo generation has yet to receive thorough exploration. One possible explanation is that logos do not contain a hierarchy of nested segments, which networks can learn and try to reproduce. Furthermore, their latent space is not continuous, meaning that not every generated logo will necessarily be aesthetically pleasing. To the best of our knowledge, Sage, et al. _cite_ to be only one to have tackled this problem thus far. They propose a clustered approach for dealing with multi-modal data, specifically logos. Logos get assigned synthetic labels, defined by the cluster they belong to, and a GAN is trained, conditioned on these labels. However, synthetic labels do not provide enough flexibility. The need for more descriptive labels arises: labels that could better convey what is in the logos, and present designers with more detailed selection criteria. This paper provides a first step to more expressive and informative labels instead of synthetic ones, which is achieved by defining logos using their most prominent color. Twelve color classes are introduced: black, blue, brown, cyan, gray, green, orange, pink, purple, red, white, and yellow. We propose LoGAN: an improved Auxiliary Classifier Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Neural Network (with Gradient Penalty) (AC-WGAN-GP) that is able to generate logos conditioned on the aforementioned twelve colors. The rest of this paper is structured as follows: In Section N the related work and background will be discussed, then in Section N the proposed architecture be conveyed, followed by Section N, where the dataset and labeling process will be explained. Section N presents the experimental results, consisting of the training details and results, and finally we conclude and discuss some possible extensions of this work in Section N.