With the growing number of digital cameras especially with smartphones, photo retouching softwares have become popular among amateur photographers. As the captured photos are usually flat, many people want to adjust the tone and the color of the photos, to make the pictures to look visually more impressive and even stylized. However, the photo retouching is a hard task for the amateur users without the expertise in the photo editing. Additionally, retouching a large photo collection requires extensive human labor. For this reason, many techniques for automatic photo adjustment have been widely studied. The automatic photo adjustment automatically enhances photos' tone and color to be visually more pleasing without human actions. In the automatic photo retouching, the output styles mimic the photo styles of professional photographers. Several methods have been proposed to adjust the contrast/brightness and the color/saturation of photos~ _cite_ based on low-level color histogram, the brightness, and the contrast of images. However, those methods adjust photos globally by applying the same color mapping to all pixels in an image. Note that most photographers prefer locally varying adjustments in their work. Some works have focused on spatially varying photo adjustment that exploits high-level scene contexts based on the object features and the saliency~ _cite_ . In~ _cite_, the authors use a feed-forward neural network to learn the semantics-aware photo adjustment styles of professional photographers. In the semantics-aware photo adjustment, the tone and the color mapping are dependent on the scene context, which is a local regions of a given image. The authors proposed multi-scale pooling features of the semantic label map to model the context dependency. However, the work uses hand-designed features, and it is unclear whether their hand-designed features based on inaccurate semantic label map are optmial. In addition, the learned representation of the method is not separated, and therefore users cannot control the adjustment by their own preference. In this paper, we propose a deep neural network (DNN) that learns the representation of the semantics-aware photo adjustment in an end-to-end manner. While we make use of the dataset from~ _cite_, we approach the problem in a different way. First, the proposed network is trained in an end-to-end manner so that it fits better to the data. Our network is a bilinear model where the color and the contextual information is interacted in a multiplicative way. We exploit multi-scale convolutional neural network (CNN) features to characterize pixel-wise contextual features. Unlike~ _cite_, the contextual features are learned within the network in an end-to-end manner. To efficiently train the network, we make use of a robust loss function and the multi-task learning with a scene parsing task. Second, as another type of contextual features, we introduce a semantic adjustment map. The semantic adjustment map is a binary segmentation map that discovers the photo retouching presets which vary according to the semantic contexts. The network automatically disentangles different types of presets from the original in an unsupervised manner and adjust images accordingly. By doing so, we can understand better the photo retouching styles and use the discovered presets to adjust the photos for each user's preference. Note that our photo adjustment framework is different from the image style transfer~ _cite_ that stylizes photos to look like artworks. Instead of focusing on the global modification of shapes and textures, we focus on the tone and the color manipulation of images.