The evolution of information and communication technologies (ICT) and the development of new mobile devices have provided to society with an unlimited number of online applications. Furthermore, the availability of these cost-effective, mobile and highly usable digital multimedia devices have made it possible to capture image and audio data without time, location and network related constraints. This situation draws a new scenario in biometrics and forensics. One big concern is the growth of technology related felonies during the last decade, see~ _cite_ . Among these felonies, sexting, video voyeurism or revenge porn are the most common. Both, sexting and revenge porn imply sending a sexually explicit material to a third party and the source device of this material is well known. However, video voyeurism requires hidden cameras (smartphones, nanny cameras, webcams or different kinds spy cameras) that secretly record or capture images of victims and disseminate those images remotely without the victims consent. The estimation of the victims ages or their identities is possible due to biometric techniques. In fact, the use of biometric recognition techniques has shown an excellent performance since the past century in several fields. Different biometric traits have been successfully applied in practical mobile applications including facial (_cite_), fingerprint (_cite_), hand (_cite_), iris (_cite_) or voice recognition (_cite_) . In this sense, law enforcement applications and the evolution of the technology have generated a huge interest in the usage of those biological traits for automated person recognition. Nonetheless, there are many situations where the biometric data is acquired under unconstrained environments and the quality of this data could be insufficient or particularly challenging for recognition (_cite_) . When this situation occurs in crime scenes, forensic techniques can complement the lack of biometric information, see~ _cite_ . Source camera identification provides a mean to identify the exact device used for capturing an image (see Figure _ref_) . In the video voyeurism felony, SCI does not extract any relevant information from the victim but it does from the perpetrator. Therefore, it answers how images were captured or which sensor captured the images. However, there is an important ground to be covered due to the fact that studies of SCI on new mobile devices are not sufficiently addressed in the literature. As a consequence, the major contributions of this study are as follows: N) to tackle the SCI problem, N) the design of an efficient CNN architecture, N) the evaluation of different CNN configurations, and finally, N) the successful application of the proposed approach to boost the SCI performance. The paper is organized in six sections. The next section looks at SCI related work. In section _ref_, the different CNN layers and the global architecture are described. The experimental setup as well as the classification experiments are reported in section _ref_ . Then, the CNN architecture discussion is addressed in section _ref_ . Finally, conclusions are drawn in section _ref_ .