This paper addresses the problem of automatic writer identification using off-line handwritten images. Handwriting is a kind of . Writer can be recognized by capturing specific characteristics of handwriting habbit of one author, which differ from other authors. _cite_ Writer identification has been applied in anti-crime and historic document analysis fields, which requires high level of domain expertise and heavy work. Automatic writer identification aims to recognizing person based on his or her handwritten text. Researches in writer identification can be divided into two categories, off-line and on-line identification. On-line writer identification requires record the whole procedure of writing with special devices, thus the input is a time series of pen-tip positions, pressures, angles and other information about writing. On the other hand, off-line identification merely takes scanned images of handwritten text as input, which is usually more difficult _cite_ . Methods for off-line writer identification can be further categorized into two groups: text-dependent and text-independent. Text-dependent methods _cite_ require input image with fixed text contents and which usually compares the input with registered templates for identification. In contrast with this, text-independent methods _cite_ dose not make assumptions on input content and have broader applications. However, compared with text-dependent one, text-independent writer identification needs to deal with image with arbitrary texts which exhibits huge intra-category variations, therefore, and is much more challenging. Figure _ref_ and Figure _ref_ shows several examples of handwritten English and Chinese by different writers. As can be seen, the main difference between two handwritten images is dominated by the text contents. For writer identification, one needs to extract abstractive written style features and fine details which reflect personal writing habits. This poses a great challenge for current handcrafted features which usually capture the local shape and gradient information. These handcrafted features may include both information of written contents (text) and written styles (person), which may limit their performance on this task. To address this challenging problem, this paper leverages deep CNNs (Convolutional Neural Network) as a powerful model to learn effective representations for off-line text-independent writer identification. Deep CNNs have demonstrated its effectiveness in various computer vision problems by improving state-of-the-art results with a large margin, including image classification _cite_, object detection _cite_, face recognition _cite_, handwriting recognition _cite_ etc. We propose, a multi-stream CNN, for extracting writer-sensitive features. takes multiple local regions as input and is trained with softmax loss on identification. The main contributions are three-folds. Firstly, we design a multi-stream structure and optimize its configuration for writer identification task. Secondly, we introduce data augmentation to enhance the performance of DeepWriter. Finally, we introduce a patch scanning strategy to handle handwritten image with various lengths. We evaluate the proposed methods on IAM dataset _cite_ and N dataset _cite_ . Our methods achieves high identification accuracy of _inline_eq_ on N writers, _inline_eq_ on N writers from the IAM dataset on English sentence level, and _inline_eq_ on N writers from N dataset on Chinese character level, which outperforms previous state-of-the-art. Interestingly, our results also show that handwritten texts of different languages such as English and Chinese may share common features for writer identification, and pretraining CNNs on another language can lead to better performance.