In physical cosmology and astronomy, dark energy is the best-accepted hypothesis explaining observations obtained since Ns indicating that the Universe is expanding at an accelerating rate. High-precision measurements of the expansion of the Universe are required to understand how the expansion rate changes over time. In general relativity, the evolution of the expansion rate is parameterized by the cosmological equation of state (the relationship between temperature, pressure, and combined matter, energy, and vacuum energy density for any region of space) . Measuring the equation of state for dark energy is one of the main challenges currently facing observational cosmology. Supernovae are useful for this purpose because they are excellent standard candles that are objects for which the intrinsic brightness is known. In particular, Type Ia (``one-A'') supernovae (called SNeIa below) are the best-known standard candles across cosmological distances because of their extreme and consistent luminosity _cite_ . By looking at the relationship between the distance to an object and its redshift (the phenomenon whereby the wavelength of the light from an object is shifted toward longer wavelength) that can be measured by spectroscopy, we can measure the history of the expansion of the Universe. Finding increasingly large samples of SNeIa and investigating the detailed characteristics of these supernovae have become an important research task in physical cosmology and astronomy. One of the current standard pipelines of supernova detection is as follows: (N) First, a sky image is obtained using a telescope with broad-band filters, which are denoted for example g, r, i, z and y filters dependign on the wavelengths. The broad-band filter combinations are scheduled in advance so that N to N band images are taken on every observation date and all the bands have a similar number of images, and thus we obtain a predefined number of images for every band on the predefined schedule if the weather permitted. Figure _ref_ is an example of observations focused on a certain astronomical object. (N) Then, transient object candidates are detected by subtracting the obtained image from a reference image convoluted with an appropriately optimized filter to match the image quality. (N) All the detected candidates are checked to determine whether or not each candidate is an SNIa. (N) Selected SNIa candidates are employed in spectroscopic follow-up observations to check whether or not the candidate is actually an SNIa and to investigate their parameters. As described above, the process of detecting supernovae relies heavily on human effort, however, at most only N of over _inline_eq_ candidates can proceed to follow-up spectroscopic observations. Automatic and precise identification of SNIa samples is recognized as an urgent need for cosmologists and astronomers. Most of the existing methods adopted a photometric approach (e.g. _cite_) that first measures the luminance (called flux in cosmology) of individual supernova candidates and then fits the results to a parametric representation of light curves (temporal changes in flux) . However, most of the approaches require precise and complex flux measurements and observations at many epochs for fitting them to the light curve templates. For example, a famous dataset released by the Supernova Photometric Classification Challenge (SNPCC) _cite_ contains N to N flux measurements in each band. Many existing methods employ this dataset as a benchmark, and thus they inevitably utilize at least N observations in each band. However, the duration for which the luminance of SNeIa has been sufficiently bright to capture them with a telescope is at most N months, and we have to complete both photometric broad-band and spectroscopic follow-up observations within this period. This means that broad-band surveys should be completed as soon as possible for rapid follow-up observations. This paper proposes a novel method for selecting SNeIa from a given set of supernova candidates with only a single-epoch observation image for each band. Our method shown in Figure _ref_ effectively employs the state-of-the-art computer vision methodology, and integrates it into the standard photometric approach. Specifically, our method first builds a convolutional neural network (CNN) to estimate the flux of a supernova candidate from a pair of telescope images, and then constructs another fully connected neural network (NN) for the classification, where the estimated fluxes and observation dates of N bands are used as features for classification. The models for flux estimation and classification are both based on neural networks, which means that the joint network that classifies supernovae directly from images can be fine-tuned from separately pre-trained networks. To enable the separate pre-training of component networks, we synthetically build a new large-scale dataset consisting of a type of supernova, simulated multi-epoch observations and corresponding fluxes, described in Section _ref_ . The efficient method proposed in this paper will be useful for a larger US-led survey by the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST) in the near future, which is expected to discover more than NK SNeIa every year _cite_ .