\noindent The combination of advanced neurobiology and engineering creates a new pathway, namely a brain computer interface (BCI) . The BCI provides a bridge connecting the human brain to the outside world _cite_ . This means that people do not have to rely on the conventional pathway of an intent initialized in the brain being passed to muscles through peripheral nerves, and are able to interact directly with the external environment _cite_ . Due to the lack of involvement of peripheral nerves and muscles, with the aid of a BCI system, disabled people could restore their abilities of communication _cite_ and the degenerated motor function _cite_ . During the past two decades, a variety of BCI systems have been created for different applications. These BCI systems are generally divided into two types: active BCI and passive BCI, according to the level of interaction with external stimuli. In the case of a passive BCI, when using a steady-state visual evoked potential (SSVEP) BCI _cite_, the user may, for example, simply stare at an intended digital number shown on a screen to dial a phone number. When a steady-state flicker is replaced with an occasional flicker, a different type of BCI called PN can be used to output letters by hierarchical selections _cite_ . Compared to the passive BCI, the active BCI is more natural. Users can express their intents whenever they want to, rather than according to a predefined timing arrangement or external cooperation, as with the passive BCI. For instance, people with paraplegia can regain movement in a wheelchair by motor imagery _cite_, or can control a computer cursor in virtual ND _cite_ or ND _cite_ environments through brain modulation. Moreover, BCI is also used to develop prostheses, with which disabled people can, for example, move an object _cite_ or drink a cup of coffee _cite_ . More recently, BCI has been applied to facilitate rehabilitation _cite_ . Besides applications for disabled people, BCI also has promising applications for healthy persons, especially in the field of entertainment. BCI is employed to control video games instead of conventional inputs such as a keyboard and joystick _cite_ . In this way, healthy people can enjoy the experience of manipulating virtual objects in a manner different from that used in daily life. \noindent From the application point of view, the user experience is very important. This requires smoothness in the manipulation of the BCI system. In order to meet this requirement, the BCI system needs to translate brain activities into output information continuously without any interruption. In other words, this requires all the EEG segments to be present for the decoding. If some of the EEG segments are discarded due to extreme noise contamination, the BCI cannot generate the corresponding output during that period. Hence, it would be good to be able to utilize the remaining portion of the affected EEG segment, after only removing the part directly affected by noise. In general, spectral power features are usually utilized to distinguish different motor imageries (e.g., left-hand and right-hand motor imageries) _cite_, as they are considered to be robust for the representation of the contents of motor imageries. If the segment is complete (continuous), the Fourier transform can be well used to transform temporal data points into the spectral domain. This fails in the case of incomplete data, such as an EEG segment with a portion (or portions) of data removed (unevenly spaced) . In order still to utilize such segments of EEG with arbitrary portions of data removed and provide users with an experience of smooth manipulation, we employ the Lomb-Scargle periodogram to estimate the spectral power _cite_, and Denoising Autoencoder (DAE) _cite_ based neural network or support vector machine (SVM) _cite_ to predict the classes of motor imageries. The results show that the proposed method is suitable for decoding incomplete EEG in a BCI system.