Both ND and ND human pose recovery from images are important tasks since the retrieved pose information can be used to other applications such as action recognition, crowd behavior analysis, markerless motion capture and so on. However, human pose estimation is a challenging task due to the dynamic variations of a human body. Various skin colors and clothes also make the estimation difficult. Especially, pose estimation from a single image requires a model that is robust to occlusion and viewpoint variations. Recently, ND human pose estimation achieved a great success with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) ~ _cite_ . Strong representation power and the ability to disentangle underlying factors of variation are characteristics of CNNs that enable learning discriminative features automatically~ _cite_ and show superior performance to the methods based on hand-crafted features. On the other hands, ND human pose estimation using CNNs has not been studied thoroughly compared to the ND cases. Estimating a ND human pose from a single image is more challenging than ND cases due to the lack of depth information. However, CNN can be a powerful framework for learning discriminative image features and estimating ND poses from them. In the case where the target object is fixed such as human body, it is able to learn useful features directly from images without keypoint matching step in the typical ND reconstruction tasks. Though recent algorithms that are based on CNNs for ND human pose estimation have been proposed~ _cite_, they do not make use of ND pose information which can provide additional information for ND pose estimation. From ND pose information, undesirable ND joint positions which generate unnatural human pose may be discarded. Therefore, if the information that contains the ND position of each joint in the input image is used, the results of ND pose estimation can be improved. In this paper, we propose a simple yet powerful ND human pose estimation framework based on the regression of joint positions using CNNs. We introduce two strategies to improve the regression results from the baseline CNNs. Firstly, not only the image features but also ND joint classification results are used as input features for ND pose estimation. This scheme successfully incorporates the correlation between ND and ND poses. Secondly, rather than estimating relative positions with respect to only one root joint, we estimated the relative ND positions with respect to multiple joints. This scheme effectively reduces the error of the joints that are far from the root joint. Experimental results validate the proposed framework significantly improves the baseline method and achieves comparable performance to the state-of-the-art methods on Human N dataset~ _cite_ without utilizing the temporal information. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Related works are reviewed in Section~ _ref_ . The structure of CNNs used in this paper and two key ideas of our method, N) the integration of ND joint classification results into ND pose estimation and N) multiple ND pose regression from various root nodes, are explained in Section~ _ref_ . Details of implementation and training procedures are explained in Section~ _ref_ . Experimental results are illustrated in Section~ _ref_, and finally conclusions are made in Section~ _ref_ .