Recent studies on image understanding have shown to flavour part-based representation such as the Bag-of-words (BoW) model _cite_ . Each image given as a set of local patches is represented by a histogram of codewords. Given the codeword representations, topic discovery model such as the pLSA model _cite_ has been successfully applied to semantic image clustering and unsupervised learning for object categorization and scene understanding. It has been shown that the visual codebook, which is typically obtained by the k-means clustering of the local patches _cite_, is a crucial part to achieve good performance. On the other hand, discriminative codebooks have clearly shown advantage compared to its counterpart (e.g. k-means) when the ground-truth class label of the training image is given. Random Forest (RF) _cite_, an ensemble of decision trees with randomization, appears to be a very fast algorithm compared to the k-means codebook where the clustering and vector quantization process are highly time-demanding. Besides, the RF also shows its discriminative power as an effective codebook for object categorization and segmentation. However, this advantage is heavily relied on the accuracy of the ground-truth class label. For example, let us assume that the ground-truth class label in Figure _ref_ is belong to the `Face' class, and hence all the local patches for the image will be associated with the `Face' class label. However, we can clearly notice that not all the local patches are belong to the `Face' class label (e.g. the background patches (red region) should not belong to the `Face' class label) . As such, during training the RF codebook, the background patches which are wrongly labeled in this case will greatly degrade the discriminative power of the RF codebook. In this paper, we present a novel way of learning the RF by introducing the soft class labels, estimated from the pLSA model based on a feedback scheme. Particularly, we adapt the RF node split strategy to account for the soft class labels obtained from the initial weak pLSA classifier. The feedback scheme can be performed on the image and patch levels respectively; and we anticipated that the RF re-learning and the pLSA re-training in the close feedback loop will improve the discriminative power of the codebooks. Experiments on N-Scene and C-Pascal datasets have shown that the proposed codebook outperforms the state-of-the-art methods such as _cite_ . This rest of the paper is arranged as follows: Section _ref_ discusses the recent developments in related topics including the visual codebook learning and topic model. Section _ref_ details the proposed framework. We show the experimental results in Section _ref_ . Finally, discussions and conclusion are drawn in Section _ref_-_ref_, respectively.