Deep neural networks give rise to many breakthroughs in computer vision by usinging huge amounts of labeled training data. Supervised object detection and semantic segmentation require object or even pixel level annotations, which are much more labor-intensive to obtain than image level labels. On the other hand, when there exist image level labels only, due to incomplete annotations, it is very challenging to predict accurate object locations, pixel-wise labels, or even image level labels in multi-label image classification. Given image level supervision only, researchers have proposed many weakly supervised algorithms for detecting objects and labeling pixels. These algorithms employ different mechanisms, including bottom-up, top-down~ _cite_ and hybrid approaches~ _cite_, to dig out useful information. In bottom-up algorithms, pixels are usually grouped into many object proposals, which are further classified, and the classification results are merged to match groundtruth image labels. In top-down algorithms, images first go through a forward pass of a deep neural network, and the result is then propagated backward to discover which pixels actually contribute to the final result _cite_ . There are also hybrid algorithms~ _cite_ that consider both bottom-up and top-down cues in their pipeline. Although there exist many weakly supervised algorithms, the accuracy achieved by top weakly supervised algorithms is still significantly lower than their fully supervised counterparts. This is reflected in both the precision and recall of their results. In terms of precision, results from weakly supervised algorithms contain much more noise and outliers due to indirect and incomplete supervision. Likewise, such algorithms also achieve much lower recall because there is insufficient labeled information for them to learn comprehensive feature representations of target object categories. However, different types of weakly supervised algorithms may return different but complementary subsets of the ground truth. These observations motivate an approach that first collect as many evidences and results as possible from multiple types of solution mechanisms, put them together, and then remove noise and outliers from the fused results using powerful filtering techniques. This is in contrast to deep neural networks trained from end to end. Although this approach needs to collect results from multiple separately trained networks, the filtered and fused evidences are eventually used for training a single network used for the testing stage. Therefore, the running time of the final network during the testing stage is still comparable to that of state-of-the-art end-to-end networks. According to the above observations, we propose a weakly supervised curriculum learning pipeline for object recognition, detection and segmentation. At a high level, we obtain object localization and pixelwise semantic labeling results for the training images first using their image level labels, and then use such intermediate results to train object detection, semantic segmentation, and multi-label image classification networks in a fully supervised manner. Since image level, object level and pixel level analysis has mutual dependencies, they are not performed independently but organized into a single pipeline with four stages. In the first stage, we collect object localization results in the training images from both bottom-up and top-down weakly supervised object detection algorithms. In the second stage, we incorporate both metric learning and density-based clustering to filter detected object instances. In this way, we obtain a relatively clean and complete set of object instances. Given these object instances, we further train a single-label object classifier, which is applied to all object instances to obtain their final class labels. Third, to obtain a relatively clean pixel-wise probability map for every class and every training image, we fuse the image level attention map, object level attention maps and an object detection heat map. The pixel-wise probability maps are used for training a fully convolutional network, which is applied to all training images to obtain their final pixel-wise label maps. Finally, the obtained object instances and pixel-wise label maps for all the training images are used for training deep networks for object detection and semantic segmentation respectively. To make pixel-wise label maps of the training images help multi-label image classification, we perform multi-task learning by training a single deep network with two branches, one for multi-label image classification and the other for pixel labeling. Experiments show that our weakly supervised curriculum learning system is capable of achieving state-of-the-art results in multi-label image classification as well as weakly supervised object detection and very competitive results in weakly supervised semantic segmentation on MS-COCO~ _cite_, PASCAL VOC N and PASCAL VOC N~ _cite_ . In summary, this paper has the following contributions. {\flushleft _inline_eq_} We propose a novel weakly supervised pipeline for multi-label object recognition, detection and semantic segmentation. In this pipeline, we first obtain intermediate labeling results for the training images, and then use such results to train task-specific networks in a fully supervised manner. {\flushleft _inline_eq_} To obtain clean object instances detected in the training images, we propose a novel algorithm for filtering, fusing and classifying object instances collected from multiple solution mechanisms. In this algorithm, we incorporate both metric learning and density-based clustering to filter detected object instances. {\flushleft _inline_eq_} To obtain a relatively clean pixel-wise probability map for every class and every training image, we propose a novel algorithm for fusing image level and object level attention maps with an object detection heat map. The fused maps are used for training a fully convolutional network for pixel labeling.