Recently, natural scene text detection has attracted extensive attention for its numerous applications, such as scene understanding, product identification, automatic driving and target geolocation. However, due to the large variations in foreground texts and background objects, and the diverse text variabilities in shapes, colors, fonts, orientations and scales, along with the extreme illumination and occlusion, text detection in natural scene is still faced with considerable challenges. Nevertheless, great progress has been made in recent years with the amazing development of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) _cite_ . Based on bounding box regression, a list of methodologies _cite_ has been proposed to successfully locate the text targets in forms of rectangles or quadrangles with certain orientations. Unfortunately, these frameworks cannot detect the text instances with arbitrary shapes (e.g., the curve texts), which also often appear in natural scenes (see Fig. _ref_ (b)) . Naturally, semantic segmentation-based methods can be taken into consideration to explicitly handle the curve text detection problems. Although pixel-wise segmentation can extract the regions of arbitrary-shaped text instances, it may still fail to separate two text instances when they are relatively close, because their shared adjacent boundaries will probably merge them together as one single text instance (see Fig. _ref_ (c)) . To address these problems, in this paper, we propose a novel instance segmentation network, namely, Progressive Scale Expansion Network (PSENet) . There are two advantages of the proposed PSENet. Firstly, as a segmentation-based method, PSENet is able to locate texts with arbitrary shapes. Secondly, we put forward a progressive scale expansion algorithm, with which the closely adjacent text instances can be identified successfully (see Fig. _ref_ (d)) . Specifically, we assign each text instance with multiple predicted segmentation areas. For convenience, we denote these segmentation areas as ``kernels'' in this paper and for one text instance, there are several corresponding kernels. Each of the kernels shares the similar shape with the original entire text instance, and they all locate at the same central point but differ in scales. To obtain the final detections, we adopt the progressive scale expansion algorithm. It is based on Breadth-First-Search (BFS) and is composed of N steps: N) starting from the kernels with minimal scales (instances can be distinguished in this step) ; N) expanding their areas by involving more pixels in larger kernels gradually; N) finishing until the largest kernels are explored. The motivations of the progressive scale expansion are mainly of four folds. Firstly, the kernels with minimal scales are quite easy to be separated as their boundaries are far away from each other. Therefore, it overcomes the major drawbacks of the previous segmentation-based methods; Secondly, the largest kernels or the complete areas of text instances are indispensable for achieving the final precise detections; Thirdly, the kernels are gradually growing from small to large scales, and thus the smoonth surpervisions would make the networks much easier to learn; Finally, the progressive scale expansion algorithm ensures the accurate locations of text instances as their boundaries are expanded in a careful and gradual manner. To show the effectiveness of our proposed PSENet, we conduct extensive experiments on three competitive benchmark datasets including ICDAR N _cite_, ICDAR N MLT _cite_ and SCUT-CTWN _cite_ . Among these datasets, SCUT-CTWN is explicitly designed for curve text detection, and on this dataset we surpass the previous state-of-the-art result by absolute N \%. Furthermore, the proposed PSENet achieves better or at least comparable performance on the ordinary quadrangular text datasets: ICDAR N and ICDAR N MLT, when compared with the existing state-of-the-art methods. The main contributions of this paper are as follows: