Sleep staging is the principal tool available to medical doctors in the analysis of sleep disorders. Natural human sleep consists of recurring cycles of three to four distinct phases, which are primarily characterized by changes in brain activity, eye movements, muscle activations and breathing. A polysomnogram (PSG) containing electroencephalography (EEG), electrooculography (EOG), electromyography (EMG) and other signals is collected during sleep, and subsequently processed and analyzed by sleep technicians according to standards by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM) . Each epoch of data is categorized into either wakefulness (W), rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, or one of three stages of non-REM sleep (NN, NN, NN) ~ _cite_ . However, this approach is prone to subjective interpretation of sleep staging rules, which have prompted extensive research in using various signal processing and machine learning approaches~ _cite_ . Attempts at exploiting deep learning models for sleep staging have been proposed recently. One group used a transfer learning-approach to characterize sleep stages~ _cite_, where N s epochs of Fpz-Cz EEG were subjected to multitaper spectral estimation (MTSE) in order to create spectral image representations~ _cite_, that ultimately were fed as input to a VGG-N model stripped of the last layers~ _cite_ . This approach was cross-validated using a leave-one-out scheme on N subjects and yielded a bootstrapped accuracy of _inline_eq_ . Using MTSE for representing EEG data was also investigated in~ _cite_, where the authors compared various machine and deep learning models trained on either raw EEG waveforms, MTSE spectrograms, or N expert-defined features. They tested their best performing model on recordings from N individual subjects and obtained an accuracy of and a Cohen's kappa of N using a combination of expert-defined features and recurrent neural networks (RNN) . On the same test set, they obtained accuracy/kappa values of and N using a deep learning model trained on raw EEG waveforms. However, it is still unclear whether manual feature extraction such as sleep spindle/K-complex detection, or data transformations, such as spectrograms or MTSE, are strictly necessary for efficient deep learning, and there is still room for improvement in the current state of the art for raw PSG analysis. We propose a novel method for automatic sleep staging combining state of the art deep learning networks with raw PSG data to accurately capture the complex relationships found in PSG data without resorting to data transformations and manual feature engineering.