In physical and life sciences, the reconstruction problem, which is to determine the internal structure or some property of the internal structure of an object without having to macroscopically damage the object, is essential. In N, Johann Radon of Austria presented a solution to the reconstruction problem with Radon transform and the corresponding inversion formula _cite_ . Up to now, Radon transform has been used in various applications, including the removal of multiple reflections _cite_ _cite_, regional and global seismology _cite_ _cite_, astrophysics _cite_, and computed tomography (CT) _cite_ . Among these applications, X-ray CT is one of the most important branches of Radon transform. The X-ray CT, which has great advantages in various pathological diagnoses, is an indispensible imaging modality in modern hospitals and clinics. Radon inversion or the so-called image reconstruction in X-ray CT is challenging because the radon projections acquired with physical sensors or detectors are probably defective and with noise. Conventionally, the reconstruction process contains multiple stages to approximate the corresponding Radon inversion. Each of these stages highly depends on the processing results of its previous stage. The processing chain of X-ray CT reconstruction includes the logarithm transformation, scatter correction, beam hardening correction, partial volume effect correction, image reconstruction, and image postprocessing. It is expected that the reconstruction performance will be largely affected if any one of these stages suffer from slight compromise. In order to obtain promising reconstruction performance for X-ray CT, various advanced algorithms separately addressing the multiple stages have been proposed. Among these stages, the image reconstruction is one of the most vigour research fields. Regarding the image reconstruction, the most popular method in commercial X-ray CT scanner is filtered back-projection (FBP) algorithm. With a simple filtering operation and back-projection, the FBP algorithm can fleetly reconstruct CT images. The FBP algorithm can achieve promising reconstruction performance if high-quality radon projections could be obtained with adequate X-ray radiation exposure. However, in low-dose X-ray CT (LdCT) imaging, the reconstruction results of FBP algorithm will suffer from severe noise-induced artifacts. To obtain promising reconstruction performance, one can design more elaborate filtering operations for FBP algorithm, which is often not an easy task. In addition, the off-the-shelf denoising algorithms can be adopted to postprocess the reconstructed CT images. These denoising algorithms can improve the image quality to some extent, but the severe streak-like artifacts might be preserved as intrinsic textures. Currently, model-based iterative reconstruction (MBIR) algorithms are widely studied for LdCT imaging. Usually, the MBIR algorithms simultaneously model both the noise properties of the radon projections and some prior knowledge of the radon projections and/or objective image, which results in a cost function comprised of two terms, namely, a data-fidelity term and a penalty or prior term. Most of the MBIR algorithms assume that two sources of noise, namely, the intrinsic quanta noise and electronic noise, are responsible to the degradation of the radon projections. This results in a similar data-fidelity term for most of the MBIR algorithms. By designing different prior knowledge for the penalty term, these MBIR algorithms can obtain promising reconstruction performances to different extent. Nevertheless, three drawbacks are accompanied with these MBIR algorithms. First, proper distributions have to be assumed to model the noise in the radon projections. Currently, the Poisson and Gaussian distributions are widely used for the intrinsic quanta noise and electronic noise, respectively. However, the real noise distribution is much more complicate than the simple Poisson and Gaussian distributions. Second, in order to obtain promising reconstruction performance, proper prior knowledge has to be designed to constrain solution space of the MBIR algorithms, which is often nontrivial. Third, these MBIR algorithms often involve several projections and back-projections during the optimizations, which will be more time-consuming than the FBP algorithm. In addition to the respective drawbacks of the FBP and MBIR algorithms, the commonality of these two kinds of algorithms is that they both rely on a priorly calculated projection operator, which largely determines the precision of the final reconstruction. Recently, data-driven image reconstruction is receiving more attention. In _cite_, Zhu . proposed a data-driven supervised learning for image reconstruction, which is named as automated transform by manifold approximation (AUTOMAP) . Without incorporating a priorly calculated projection operator, the AUTOMAP directly learns a mapping between the sensor and the image domain, which is emerged from an appropriate corpus of training data. Compared to FBP and MBIR algorithms, the AUTOMAP is a unified framework for image reconstruction, which can simultaneously consider the separate stages in image reconstruction to optimize the final reconstruction performance. However, the AUTOMAP might be unsuitable in clinical CT applications with normal dimension, i.e., _inline_eq_, because of inherence defect of the network architecture of AUTOMAP. The fully-connected layers adopted in the AUTOMAP require a huge amount of computing resource in order to train a model with reasonable reconstruction performance. Inspired by the concept of unified image reconstruction of the AUTOMAP, in this work we propose a unified framework for Radon inversion that overcomes the drawbacks of the AUTOMAP in reconstructing images from radon projections with large dimensions. For simplicity, the proposed framework is short as RAINAP (Radon inversion approximation) . The RAINAP is implemented with an appropriative neural network that based on the corresponding Radon transform. Specifically, the RAINAP can be divided into two segments. In the first segment, we parameterize the filtering operation and back-projection of the FBP algorithm with two learnable appropriative network layers to perform the domain transform, i.e., from radon projections to image domain. In the second segment, we use a convolutional neural network (CNN) to further refine the reconstruction performance. The two segments are overall optimized using a large number of training data to guarantee a promising reconstruction performance.