Colorectal cancer is one of the most common types of cancer _cite_ . Due to metastatic spread, peritoneal carcinomatosis can occur in later stages which often leads to substantially shorter survival times _cite_ . Therefore, reliable detection of metastases is important. Typical imaging modalities such as magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography currently lack the required resolution and intraoperative availability. Therefore, an intraoperative device using confocal laser microscopy (CLM) has been proposed _cite_ which offers submicrometer resolution. In the above-mentioned study, colon carcinoma cells were implanted into the colon and peritoneum of ten rats. After seven days of tumor growth, laparotomy was carried out for subsequent in-vivo CLM. For each subject, healthy colon tissue, malignant colon tissue, healthy peritoneum and malignant peritoneum were scanned. The study showed that different organs, as well as malignant and non-malignant regions could be distinguished by experts. To further improve the intraoperative assessment by CLM, image processing methods can be used for automatic and fast tissue characterization. Recently, deep learning methods have shown remarkable success for a variety of medical segmentation and classification tasks _cite_ where human-level performance was achieved _cite_ . We investigate the feasibility of deep learning-based colon cancer detection from CLM images. We consider several classification problems with the four classes "colon normal", "colon malignant", "peritoneum normal" and "peritoneum malignant". In particular, we investigate both the differentiability of organs and also of malignant and non-malignant tissue both for the colon and peritoneum. As we are dealing with a very small dataset we employ transfer learning which has been shown to improve performance for a variety of medical learning problems _cite_ . We use the state-of-the-art models DensenetN _cite_ and SE-ResnextN _cite_ which are pretrained on the ImageNet dataset.