With recent year advancements, more and more information is recorded in multimedia documents instead of traditional documents. Specifically, classroom lectures are often recorded, shared and distributed as digital videos. In general, lectures span several hours and can produce large video files. This makes efficient access of content within lectures difficult. Automated video indexing allows quick retrieval of specific sections of interest without having to watch all the videos involved. Slides given by instructors can provide good indexes for lecture videos, if matched correctly to the videos. Specifically, searching text in slides can be used to query topics of interest from a large set of lecture videos, if the slides are linked to video segments. This association can be performed by matching high quality slide images to video frames. We assume that the high quality slide images are either OCRed or that their text is available. We use text image matching to link slide images to video frames. While the slide images and video frames have the same content, they may exhibit different perspective views, resolution, illumination, noise, and occlusions. Text image matching techniques are widely used in several areas besides matching slides to video frames for lecture video indexing _cite_ . For example, when building digital libraries, numerous paper documents are scanned and archived as document images. It is important to ensure that duplicate pages are removed by text image matching techniques so that only one copy of a document exists in the library. This is done to facilitate accurate, non-redundant indexing and reducing storage cost. Postal automation _cite_ is another good example for text image matching, where matching techniques can be used for identifying the same letter scanned by different letter-sorting machines. This paper has two novel contributions. First, we propose a boosted deep neural network system to perform slide matching for lecture video indexing. The proposed approach is much more resilient to occlusion, spatial transformations, and other types of noise compared with existing methods. Second, the proposed neural network system is trained as a classification margin maximizer by integrating boosting framework in the proposed training process. We show how such combination can efficiently train the proposed neural network system using just a small subset of samples from a huge number of samples.