tracking is a fundamental and active research topic in computer vision due to its wide range of applications such as activity analysis, visual surveillance and self-driving systems. Despite significant progress has been made in recent years, it remains a challenging issue, partly due to the difficulty of constructing robust object representation to cope with various factors including camera motion, partial occlusion, background clutter and illumination change. Numerous visual tracking methods recently adopt the tracking-by-detection paradigm, i.e., separating the foreground object from the background over time using a classifier. These methods usually localize the object using a bounding box, and draw positive (negative) samples from inside (outside) of the bounding box for the classifier update. Since the ground-truth object labeling is only available in the initial frame, incrementally updating the object classifier in subsequent frames often result in model drift due to inclusion of outlier samples. Significant efforts have been made to alleviate the effects of outlier samples in visual tracking~ _cite_ . Several methods in~ _cite_ update the object classifiers by considering the distances of samples with respect to the bounding box center, e.g., the samples close to the center receiving higher weights. Some other methods~ _cite_ segment foreground objects from the background during the tracking process to exclude background clutter. However, these methods are limited in dealing with cluttered backgrounds (e.g., unreliable segmented object masks) . To improve the robustness, Kim et al.~ _cite_ define an image patch based N-neighbor graph to represent the tracked object, in which if two nodes are connected by an edge if they are are _inline_eq_-neighbors and the edge weight is computed based on low-level feature distance. There are two main issues with this approach: i) it only considers the spatial neighbors and do not capture the intrinsic relationship between patches; ii) it uses low-level feature which are less effective in the presence of clutter and noise. To handle these issues, we learn a robust object representation for visual tracking. Given one bounding box of the target object, we partition it into non-overlapping local patches, which are described by color and gradient histograms. Instead of using static structures in existing methods~ _cite_, we learn a dynamic graph with patches as nodes (i.e., adaptive structure and node weights for each frame) for representing the target object, where the weight of each node describes how likely it belongs to the target object, and the edge weight indicates the appearance compatibility of two neighboring patches. Existing methods usually perform two steps for node weight computation, i.e., first constructing the graph with a static structure and low-level features, and then computing node weights based on some semi-supervised methods~ _cite_ . In this work, we propose a novel representation model to jointly learn the graph that infers the graph structure, edge weights and node weights. With the advances of compressed sensing~ _cite_, numerous methods exploiting the relationship of data representations have been proposed~ _cite_ . The representations are generally utilized to define~ _cite_ or learn~ _cite_ the affinity matrix of a graph. Motivated by these methods, we represent each patch descriptor as a linear combination of other patch descriptors, and develop a model to jointly optimize the graph structure, edge weights and node weights while suppressing the effects of noise from clutter and low-level features. It is worth mentioning that our model has the following three distinctive properties: N) it is capable of collaboratively optimize the graph structure, edge weights and node weights according to the underlying intrinsic relationship, which provides a flexible solution for visual tracking and other vision problems such as saliency detection~ _cite_ and semi-supervised object segmentation~ _cite_ ; N) it is effective to suppress the effects of noise from pixels and low-level features in computing the affinity matrix of the graph; N) it is generic, and can incorporate other constraints (e.g., low-rank and sparse constraints) to further improve the robustness of graph learning. To improve the tracking efficiency, we develop an alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm to seek the solution of the proposed model. In particular, the alternating direction method~ _cite_ is used to linearize the quadratic penalty term while avoiding an auxiliary variable and some matrix inversions such that each subproblem can be efficiently solved with a closed-form solution. We construct the robust object representations by combining patch features with the optimized weights, and then apply the structured support vector machine (SVM) ~ _cite_ for object tracking and model update. In each frame, the proposed algorithm is carried out with several steps. First, the graph is initialized with binary weights to according to the ground truth (first frame) or the predicted bounding box (subsequent frames) . Second, the graph is optimized by a linearized ADMM algorithm. Third, the object feature representation is updated by imposing the patch weights on the extracted image features. The object location is finally predicted by adopting the structured SVM. We make three major contributions for visual tracking and related applications in this work: This paper provides a more complete understanding of the early results~ _cite_, with more background, insights, analysis, and evaluation. In particular, our approach advances the early work in several aspects. First, we utilize the data representations to learn more meaningful graph affinity, instead of directly using data representations. Second, we generalize the graph learning algorithm to incorporating different constraints (or priors), such as the low rank, sparse and spatial smoothness constraints. We further discuss the merits for graph learning, and instantiate the sparse constraints into our framework. Third, scale estimation is considered in this work to improve visual tracking Finally, we carry out extensive experiments on large-scale benchmark datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, including quantitative comparisons with the state-of-the-art trackers and ablation studies.