Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the most common type of heart disease _cite_ . CAD occurs when atherosclerotic plaque builds up in the wall of the coronary arteries. This may lead to stenosis, i.e. narrowing or occlusion of the coronary artery lumen, limiting blood supply to the myocardium and potentially leading to myocardial ischemia. Atherosclerotic plaque can be classified according to its composition into calcified plaque, non-calcified plaque, and mixed plaque, i.e plaque containing calcified and non-calcified components _cite_ . Calcified plaque is considered stable and its amount in the coronary arteries is a strong predictor of cardiovascular events _cite_ . Unlike calcified plaque, non-calcified and mixed plaque are considered unstable and more prone to rupture. Such rupture may lead to acute coronary syndrome and could result in irreversible damage to the myocardium, i.e. myocardial infarction _cite_ . As different types of plaque and varying grades of stenosis lead to different patient management strategies, it is crucial to detect and characterize coronary artery plaque and stenosis _cite_ . Coronary CT angiography (CCTA) is a well-established modality for identification, as well as for exclusion, of patients with suspected CAD. It allows for noninvasive detection and characterization of coronary artery plaque and grading of coronary artery stenosis _cite_ . To day, these tasks are typically performed in the clinic by visual assessment _cite_, or semi-automatically by first utilizing lumen and arterial wall segmentation and thereafter, defining the presence of plaque or stenosis _cite_ . However, the former suffers from substantial interobserver variability, even when performed by experienced experts _cite_, while the latter is dependent on coronary artery lumen and wall segmentation which is typically time-consuming and cumbersome, especially in images with extensive atherosclerotic plaque or imaging artefacts _cite_ . Given the importance of plaque detection, a number of methods for coronary artery plaque detection and quantification have been proposed. Thus far, (semi-) automatic methods have been designed to detect either calcified or non-calcified plaque. Several methods have been developed to automatically segment and quantify calcifications in the coronary arteries in non-contrast CT and CCTA scans (e.g. _cite_) . These methods employ machine learning to analyze axial reconstruction of CT scans. \IEEEpubidadjcol Typically, an excellent performance approaching the level of an expert is achieved _cite_ . On the contrary, automatic detection and quantification of non-calcified coronary plaque using CCTA has been less investigated. While the visual detection of calcified plaque is straightforward in CT/CCTA due to its higher CT density, the detection of non-calcified and especially mixed plaque is more challenging because of low contrast with adjacent tissues. Therefore, unlike methods detecting calcifications, standard visual evaluation as well as (semi-) automatic approaches detecting non-calcified plaque typically analyze straightened multi-planar reformatted (MPR) images. MPR images allow better visualization of the arterial lumen and identification of difficult to delineate non-calcified plaque in the arterial wall. To detect and quantify non-calcified plaque, previously proposed methods have performed manual or semi-automatic thresholding on CT values in predefined regions of interest _cite_ . Typically, these methods require substantial manual interactions by experts. Even though the presence of mixed plaque is usually reported in clinical visual assessment, to the best of our knowledge, automatic methods detecting and quantifying such plaque have not yet been presented. As stenosis detection and grading is highly important, a number of methods have been developed to (semi-) automatically detect and grade coronary artery stenosis in CCTA _cite_ . These methods either utilize machine learning approaches to analyze the vicinity of the coronary artery centerline (e.g. _cite_), or segment arterial lumen (e.g. _cite_) . Algorithms that utilize lumen segmentation for stenosis detection first delineate coronary artery lumen and subsequently detect and quantify stenosis by analyzing local changes and anomalies in the lumen of the delineated artery. Shahzad et al. _cite_ first extracted the centerline of the artery and subsequently employed a graph cut approach and robust kernel regression to segment the arterial lumen. Thereafter, to detect and grade coronary stenosis, the diameter of the segmented lumen was compared with the expected diameter of a healthy lumen. The expected diameter of the healthy lumen was estimated by regression on the diameters of the lumina along the coronary artery. Wang et al. _cite_ employed a level-set model to separately segment the inner and the outer arterial walls. Thereafter, a comparison between these arterial wall profiles enabled the detection and grading of stenosis. Furthermore, algorithms that exploit machine learning for stenosis detection first compute a number of features along the centerline of an artery to describe local image intensities and arterial geometry. Subsequently, they use a supervised classifier to detect and quantify stenosis. For example, Zuluaga et al. _cite_ formulated arterial stenosis as anomalous vascular cross-sections along the artery centerline. The shape of the vascular cross-sections and their intensity profiles were described by hand-crafted features, and then the abnormal vascular cross-sections were detected by a support vector machine. Sankaran et al. _cite_ first estimated healthy diameters of the coronary arteries using downstream and upstream properties of coronary tree vasculature as features for random forest regressors. Then, the degree of a stenosis was estimated based on the ratio of the local artery diameter, estimated using maximum inscribed spheres, to the estimated healthy diameter. The remainder of the manuscript is organized as follows. Section _ref_ describes the data and reference standard. Section _ref_ describes the method and Section _ref_ describes the evaluation. Section _ref_ reports our experimental results, which are then discussed in Section _ref_ .