Traffic prediction is one of the central tasks for building intelligent transportation management systems in metropolitan areas. Traffic congestion causes delays and costs millions to the economy worldwide, which is worse in urban centres. Predicting the traffic flow will provide the stakeholders with tools for modelling and decision support. Early approaches to traffic flow prediction are statistical techniques including support vector machines (SVM) _cite_ and the autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) model _cite_ . These statistical approaches have been demonstrated to be effective as regression techniques for time series data. However, they do not address the spatio-temporal relationship of transportation networks and cannot be applied to a large-scale road network. Recently, machine learning technologies _cite_ have been actively applied given that traffic prediction is essentially to make estimations of future state based on big data. The spatio-temporal features of the traffic has been of great interest of researchers. Understanding the spatial evolution of traffic for the entire road network rather than for a small part of the network is necessary at both stages of off-line planning and on-line traffic management. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successful in dealing with spatial features of road networks _cite_ . Besides, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) with long short-term memories (LSTM) _cite_ and gated recurrent unit (GRU) _cite_ have been incorporated, considering the traffic flow prediction as a time series forecasting. A novel approach has been proposed in _cite_ that converts the traffic speed into images where the traffic speed data of each road segment at each time step is expressed in the third dimension. A CNN is used to capture spatio-temporal features in the images. This method has been demonstrated to outperform other state-of-the-art methods. This approach differs from others in that other approaches simply treat the time dimension of the traffic flow as a channel of image data and therefore the temporal features of traffic flow are ignored _cite_ . However, this work was demonstrated on rectangular sub-networks of a metropolitan road network, which have a relatively simple topology. The goal of this study is to devise a traffic speed prediction method for complex road networks. We are dealing with traffic data gathered in a metropolitan area of Santander city of Spain, whose road network is depicted in Fig. N. The red lines denote road segments where induction loop detectors are installed to measure vehicle speeds. The speed sensors are sparsely located in a complex network. Adjacency in the spatio-temporal image does not necessarily mean adjacency in the road network. In this case, some spatial features would be disregarded by a CNN because it uses the max pooling operation to construct higher order features locally. Therefore, we utilize a capsule network (CapsNet) _cite_ that replaces the pooling operation with dynamic routing, which enables to take into account important spatial hierarchies between simple and complex objects. We propose a CapsNet architecture designed to be suitable for traffic speed prediction and demonstrate its effectiveness by comparing it with the CNN-based method in _cite_ . To our best knowledge, this is the first application of the CapsNet to a time series forecasting problem. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. It starts with addressing the method of converting traffic data into images in Section II. After that, an existing approach to traffic speed prediction based on a CNN is introduced. We then present the proposed architecture of the CapsNet designed for traffic speed prediction. The methods and results of the performance evaluation with a real dataset are given in Section III. Finally, Section IV presents a summary and conclusion.