Tractography based on diffusion MRI (dMRI) is an important tool in the study of white matter (WM) structures in the brain, allowing to visualize and analyse complex neural tracts in brain connectivity studies~ _cite_ and investigation of neurological disorders~ _cite_ . Standard tractography pipelines usually consist of a diffusion modeling stage, in which local fiber orientations are estimated from diffusion weighted images (DWI), followed by a tracking stage in which these orientations are translated into WM streamlines. At the heart of the modeling stage lays the problem of finding the local configuration of WM fibers that gave rise to the measured DWI signal. Since a single brain voxel can contain tens of thousands of differently oriented fibers, accurate reconstruction of fiber orientations is a very challenging task. Current tractography algorithms can be roughly divided into deterministic approaches, which provide a single streamline orientation in each voxel~ _cite_, probabilistic~ _cite_, or global~ _cite_ . Nevertheless, all of these methods are based on specific, pre-defined, mathematical models for mapping dMRI signals into fiber orientation estimates. Among others, these models include the diffusion tensor model~ _cite_, Q-ball imaging~ _cite_ and spherical deconvolution _cite_ . Despite remarkable progress made, current model-based methods are not without limitations~ _cite_ . Each such model makes specific assumptions regarding WM tissue properties and the dMRI signal, which may vary substantially depending on the subject and the data acquisition process~ _cite_ . Some models also impose specific requirements on the data quality and acquisition protocol, e.g., a large number of gradient directions. Therefore, from the user's point of view, choosing a suitable model may prove to be a non-trivial task that requires a high level of expertise. Machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) techniques have demonstrated remarkable abilities in tackling complex problems in a data-driven rather than model-based manner, in a wide variety of domains. Recently, such approaches have been applied to the task of WM tractography, aiming to directly learn the mapping between input DWI scans and output WM tractography streamlines. By not assuming a specific diffusion model, data-driven algorithms can reduce the dependence on data acquisition schemes and require less user intervention. Neher et al. _cite_ pioneered this line of work, proposing a supervised ML tractography algorithm based on random forest (RF) classifier. The RF classifier was trained to predict a local fiber orientation from a discrete set of possible directions, based on the surrounding dMRI values. More recently, _cite_ suggested a DL model for fiber tractography, examining a fully-connected (FC) and a recurrent neural network (RNN) architectures. In contrast to _cite_, streamline tractography was addressed as a regression problem by predicting continuous tracking directions based on sequences of dMRI values. A similar regression approach was presented in _cite_ using a multi-layer perceptron (MLP) network. We note that all of these methods perform deterministic tractography, outputting a single streamline direction in each tracking step. Other DL works have focused strictly on fiber orientation estimation. For example _cite_ presented a deep convolutional neural network for estimating discrete fiber orientation distribution functions (fODFs) from dMRI scans. A variation of this idea was presented in~ _cite_, predicting spherical harmonics coefficients for continuous fODF estimation. These works, however, do not perform fiber tractography. In this work we present, a novel DL framework addressing both fiber orientation estimation and streamline tractography from DWI scans. To exploit the sequential nature of tractography data, we address the problem as a sequential classification task by training an RNN model to predict local fiber orientations (i.e., classes) along tractography streamlines. Unlike other DL-based tractography algorithms, our model does not output a single deterministic fiber orientation in each tracking step. Instead, it provides a probabilistic estimation of the local fiber orientation distribution in the form of a discrete probability density function. This enables our model to perform deterministic streamline tracking, as well as probabilistic tractography by randomly sampling directions from the estimated distributions. We quantitatively evaluate our method using the Tractometer tool~ _cite_, demonstrating improved or competitive results compared to state-of-the-art tractography algorithms. We further present qualitative results of high-quality probabilistic tractograms generated by our method.