the growth of social media population, people share and upload millions of photos per day. In addition to photo sharing, social media also provides photo filtering tools (e.g., Instagram, Flickr, Facebook) for users to enhance contrast, increase saturation, or change color tone for their photos _cite_ . With the predefined filters (visual effects), users can spend less effort on stylizing or enhancing photos and achieve professional quality without image processing knowledge. Meanwhile, as reported in _cite_, filtered photos will have higher chances of receiving views (+ N \%) and comments (+ N \%) . Statistically, more than half of uploaded photos are filtered on Instagram, a popular social media known for its image sharing functionality. Hence, manipulating images with filters becomes an essential function for photo sharing applications. In order to attract more users, social media has developed several types of filters. For example, Instagram provides more than twenty filters and frequently updates new one. Originally, the system is designed to allow users to select the best filter with a few clicks. However, they do not realize that users select favorite filters by comparisons. Due to the size restriction of portable device's display unit, users can only compare less than five filters at a time. They have to iteratively discard worst one until remaining filters can be compared at the same time. With the increasing number of filters, filter selection becomes a complex and time-consuming task. Hence, the need for efficient selection or recommendation of image filters is emerging. In December N, Instagram allows users to manage the order of filters based on their preference. However, we observe that users choose different filters based on image content (Sec. IV-C) . It becomes a challenging problem to dynamically recommend image filters for users. To tackle the challenge, we aim to provide a filter recommendation system as shown in Fig. N. The filtered images are sorted by their aesthetic scores learned from our collected pairwise labeled images with aesthetic judgment. In quality learning field, Image Quality Assessment (IQA) has been studied for several years _cite_ . IQA focuses on classifying photos into two groups, high quality and low quality groups. The traditional approaches of IQA usually rely on the knowledge of photography (e.g., rule of thirds) and handcrafted features (e.g., color or SIFT) _cite_ . More recently, machine learning is gradually becoming the main method for feature extraction and replacing handcrafted features. In _cite_, deep learning is further introduced to the image quality problem. Photos are fed into Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models to learn features and classify images. In spite of the general CNN structure, the learned features embed aesthetic information and improve classification accuracy. Previous studies treat IQA as a regression problem that predicts images into different quality scores and further separates them into two classes. However, there is no clear boundary between high quality and low quality photos. It is a difficult task to distinguish images near the border even for humans. Therefore, an innovative perspective is proposed in _cite_ . Chen mention that image quality is the preference among images rather than an absolute aesthetic value of an image. That is, image aesthetic should not be quantified and mapped to the quality scores. The quality of an image is based on the comparison with another one. Thus, the regression problem can be transferred to the ranking problem which is solved by learning a pairwise ranking model _cite_ . However, these previous studies only use handcrafted features and conduct feature extraction and model learning separately. By using CNN, we can learn the model and features simultaneously. In addition, it is much simpler to select the better image between a pair than to pick out the best one among a pack of photos for humans. Motivated by _cite_, we propose our first-ever filter recommendation system based on pairwise aesthetic comparison in this paper. However, there is no existing and suitable dataset for this work. For pairwise aesthetic comparison with filtered images, we create a new dataset, Filter Aesthetic Comparison Dataset (FACD), generated from Aesthetic Visual Analysis (AVA) dataset _cite_ which is widely used for image quality learning. The created FACD contains images with various filters and reliable image pairs with aesthetic judgment. Hence, we utilize the collected dataset and devise a novel pairwise aesthetic learning method for filtered images. As mentioned in _cite_, the professional photographers apply various techniques on different subjects. We have similar observations on the user preference of filtered photos for different image categories (e.g., flora, portrait) based on our pilot study. Hence, we further propose to integrate category (style) information with pairwise aesthetic comparison for multi-task learning. Therefore, for each image, we can obtain aesthetic responses and category information from the learned category-aware aesthetic model. For photo filter recommendation, we calculate aesthetic scores for different filtered photos and generate a filter aesthetic ranking for each unfiltered photo as shown in Fig. N. The experiment results show that our method improves the recommendation on image aesthetic and outperforms other traditional methods designed for image quality prediction. To sum up, the primary contributions in this paper include: In the next section, the related works of this paper are remarked. Then, we will introduce the collection of our dataset, FACD. After that, the network structure and methods are described in Sec. IV. Finally, we demonstrate experiment results and conclude the proposed method in Sec. V and VI.