Ocean science has been vigorously studied in recent years. With the rapid development in computer vision, a multitude of underwater vision tasks have emerged. For instance, to overcome the problem of low-contrast underwater visualization, Chuang utilized a segmentation algorithm for multiple fish-tracking _cite_ . In addition, Lee proposed a color restoration algorithm to achieve high-performance underwater object detection _cite_ . Apparently, all underwater visual tasks can benefit from high-quality underwater images or videos. However, underwater scenes are far worse in quality and more changeable compared to terrestrial environments. Thus, the advancement of underwater machine vision has become a popular research area. Color distortion, contrast reduction, and haziness are typical issues of image degeneration. In recent decades, many restoration approaches have been proposed. The Gray World (GW) algorithm corrects the color under the assumption that the average RGB components in a white-balanced image tend to have the same gray value _cite_ . As a classical alternative to stretching the contrast, a histogram equalization has been maturely developed, namely, contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization (CLAHE) _cite_ . In terms of dehazing, He created the dark channel prior (DCP) algorithm for haze removal _cite_ . Although the aforementioned methods solve the problem of degeneration from their own particular perspective, underwater vision degeneration contains all three aspects. Thus, some studies on underwater image restoration have been conducted based on information estimation. For example, Chiang analyzed the wavelength of underwater light, compensating it to achieve a superior color fidelity _cite_ . However, underwater scenes are changeable, and the existing literature has had difficulty handing a variety of types of underwater vision degeneration using a constant model or parameter setting. Moreover, few studies have emphasized the time efficiency, which is a pivotal factor for autonomous maritime and underwater operations. Thus, it is essential to develop an adaptive real-time method for underwater vision restoration. Recently, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) _cite_ have been successfully employed in image-to-image translation tasks, e.g., style transfers and super-resolution _cite_ . The GANs are a mini-max two-player game between the generator _inline_eq_ and discriminator _inline_eq_ . Using an adversarial training process, the discriminator _inline_eq_ learns to distinguish a real image from a synthesized image, and the generator learns to fool the discriminator. When _inline_eq_ has difficulty distinguishing a real image from a synthesized sample, the image generated by _inline_eq_ is deemed closely similar to the real version. It is clear that image restoration can be treated as an image-to-image translation, and thus we are certain that GANs are able to restore the underwater scenes if trained with the original underwater images and the corresponding in-air versions. More specifically, an original underwater image serves as the input, and _inline_eq_ then provides its production. If _inline_eq_ has difficulty distinguishing the synthesized data and the in-air version, the generator successfully restores the underwater image. Furthermore, taking advantage of the powerful fitting capacity in the neural networks, the GAN-based method can operate adaptively. Unfortunately, in-air versions of underwater environments are almost impossible to obtain. As a compromise, synthetic in-air data based on a traditional restoration method can be utilized. As a result, GANs perform similarly but no better than the employed restoration method. Therefore, to break through this limitation, improvements need to be applied to the existing GAN framework. In this paper, to adaptively advance underwater machine vision in real time, we propose a filtering-based restoration scheme (FRS) and a GANs-based restoration scheme (GAN-RS) . Providing supervision during GAN-RS training, the FRS is developed using an artificial fish school algorithm, a Wiener Filter, and CLAHE. Instead of traditional information of the underwater image formation, the high-level parameters in the Fourier domain are designed to avoid frame-by-frame information estimation or search in similar environments. The results of FRS are then employed to train a supervised GAN, and GAN-RS is built to improve the quality of the underwater machine vision further, example results of which are illustrated in Fig.~ _ref_ . Creatively, the DCP loss and underwater index loss are designed for training, and the combination of the loss functions obeys a multi-stage loss strategy. Correspondingly, an underwater branch is added to the discriminator, which predicts the probability that an image is aquatic. Extensive comparison experiments verify the restoration quality, time efficiency, and adaptability of the proposed algorithms. To the best of the authors' knowledge, few restoration methods in the existing literature have a real-time capability and adaptability. The contributions made in this paper are summarized as follows: The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Underwater image restoration and image-to-image translation are reviewed in Section~ _ref_ . FRS and its components are detailed in Section~ _ref_ . Section~ _ref_ analyzes GAN-RS, followed by its architecture and training details. Experimental results and analyses are provided in Section~ _ref_ . Finally, some concluding remarks are offered in Section~ _ref_ .