Prostate cancer is the one of the most common noncutaneous cancer in men around the world. The routine clinical modality for imaging the prostate is medical ultrasound. Segmenting prostate from ultrasound images is of essential importance for prostatic disease diagnoses and therapeutic choices, such as creating patient-specific anatomical models for surgical planning _cite_ and image-guided biopsy, real-time guidance for the placement of biopsy needles towards lesions _cite_, and volumetric measurement for prostate shape evaluation _cite_ . However, manual delineation of prostate boundary is tedious, time-consuming and often irreproducible, even for experienced physicians. \par Automatic solutions for accurate and efficient prostate segmentation in ultrasound image are highly desired. However, developing such automatic solutions remains very challenging for several reasons, as illustrated in Figure _ref_ . Firstly, different ultrasound images present diverse intensity distributions due to different imaging parameters, such as focus depth, Time Gain Compensation (TGC) and scanning orientation. Secondly, typical factors in ultrasound, including signal dropout, speckle noise, acoustic shadow and low contrast against surrounding tissues, cause the ambiguity, poor visibility and long-span occlusion in prostate boundaries _cite_ . Thirdly, large variances in appearance, shape and size are often observed in prostates from different patients. Even the tissues belonging to a same prostate often present severe heterogeneity. In the last decade, two main methodological categories have been studied as the solutions for automatic prostate segmentation: The bottom-up fashion provides detailed prediction for each pixel in image, whereas suffers the lack of global shape prior in tackling boundary information loss. In contrast, shape modeling in the top-down fashion can provide strong shape guidance for segmentation. This kind of shape guidance is crucial for bridging the gaps on boundary in ultrasound images, but previous methods tend to consider the shape modeling in a static manner, and handle the landmark descriptor design and shape prior extraction separately. In this paper, we propose to consider prostate ultrasound image segmentation as a dynamic and sequential procedure, and complete the descriptor learning and shape inference simultaneously. \par Our framework has three key modules. Firstly, we propose to serialize static prostate ultrasound images into dynamic sequences and then infer prostate shapes by exploring shape priors sequentially. This interpretation is natural and can be formulated with the biologically plausible Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) _cite_ . We denote the RNN for this simulation as Boundary Completion RNN (BCRNN) . Without hand-crafted feature design which is required in traditional shape modeling, our BCRNN directly takes raw intensities as input at each timestep. All descriptors for shape inference can be automatically learned by BCRNN. Inherently, BCRNN is able to access previous timesteps through hidden states and exploits them as shape knowledge to reason current missing parts. Therefore, BCRNN can be utilized to infer the incompleteness along prostate boundary in ultrasound image, and thus boost the segmentation accuracy. Secondly, we observed that serializing static ultrasound image with different starting points causes bias in shape prediction. In this regard, we adopt a multi-view fusion strategy to merge shape predictions obtained from different perspectives into a comprehensive prediction. Thirdly, to combine hierarchical cues of boundary predictions, we further implant our BCRNN core into a multiscale Auto-Context scheme to gain incremental refinement on details of prostate shape prediction. In this scheme, BCRNN with fine scale can dramatically benefit from the shape predictions provided by BCRNN with coarse scale. In addition, different from the traditional classifiers used in Auto-Context scheme _cite_, our BCRNN can flexibly leverage contextual information in sequence without using empirically designed context structure.