Template matching by normalized cross correlation (NCC) is widely used in computer vision applications such as image registration, stereo matching, motion estimation, object detection and localization, and visual tracking _cite_ . Here we show that the robustness of the algorithm can be improved by applying deep learning. Namely, if the template and source images are preprocessed by a convolutional network, the rate of false matches can be significantly reduced, and NCC output becomes more useful for rejecting suspect matches. The training of the convolutional network follows the "siamese network" method of learning a measure of similarity from pairs of input images _cite_ . The learning is only weakly supervised, in the sense that a true match to the template should exist somewhere in the source image, but the location of that match is not an input to the learning procedure. If NCC already works fairly well for template matching with raw images, then the incorporation of deep learning is expected to improve its accuracy further. We test the power of our technique using images acquired by serial section electron microscopy (EM) . NCC template matching is commonly applied to image patches in the course of assembling a ND image stack from ND images of individual sections _cite_ . Achieving highly precise alignment between successive sections is critical for the accuracy of the subsequent step of tracing fine neurites through the image volume. Erroneous matches may arise because sections are deformed, distorted, or damaged during collection, and defects may also arise during imaging _cite_ . An image of a (N mm) _inline_eq_ brain volume is roughly a teravoxel _cite_, and a high quality assembly could require up to N million template matches _cite_ . Every false match leads to tracing errors in multiple neurites, so even a small error rate across so many matches can have devastating consequences. In empirical tests, we find that the error rate of template matching on raw serial EM images is on the order of N to N \%. Preprocessing with a bandpass filter lowers the error rate _cite_, and substituting convolutional networks improves upon that error rate by a factor of N-Nx. The overall result is an error rate of N to N \%. A common strategy for reducing false matches is to reject those that are suspect according to some criteria _cite_ . This can be problematic if too many true matches are rejected and there are not enough matches to describe the deformation in a given region, which can also lead to tracing errors in multiple neurites. We show that NCC output provides superior rejection efficiency once deep learning is incorporated. To achieve zero false matches under our most accurate conditions, we need only reject N \% of the true matches based on NCC output, an improvement of N over the efficiency based on a bandpass filter. The idea of using deep learning to improve NCC template matching for image correspondences is simple and obvious, but has been little explored as far as we know. The closest antecedent of our work introduced an NCC layer inside a network used for the person identification problem _cite_ . Recent work applying deep learning to image correspondences avoids template matching and instead trains a convolutional network to directly output a vector field _cite_ . This approach is well-suited for computing dense correspondences, while template matching makes sense for computing sparse sets of corresponding points. An advantage of the template matching approach is its interpretability. The height of an NCC peak provides information about the goodness of a match, and the width of an NCC peak provides information about the accuracy of spatial localization. Furthermore, one can examine the convolutional network output to see what image features are being used to compute matches. In our application to serial EM images, it appears that the network detects mitochondria. It learns to suppress image defects that arise from brightness-contrast fluctuations and damaged sections. It also learns to suppress high contrast edges of blood vessels. When such edges are present, they tend to produce a strong NCC peak, but the peak is very wide due to the near straightness of the edges, leading to imprecise spatial localization.