Handwritten script recognition constitutes the problem of identification of the script that a particular text document has been written in. The basis for script recognition is the unique spatial relation that strokes of a particular script have with each other, that makes it possible to distinguish the scripts from one another. Most prevalent handwritten text recognition systems are language dependent, while many digital documents and images using multiple scripts exist, Fig.~ _ref_, especially in geographical regions using multiple scripts. This makes handwritten script recognition an important first step towards automated interpretation of handwritten text documents~ _cite_ . Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have proven to be very effective ~ _cite_ for handwriting recognition tasks. An RNN is a brand of Artificial Neural Networks in which connections between the hidden nodes can form directed loops. This architecture comprises delay functions on these loops enable the Neural Network to have an internal state or memory. This looping architecture allows RNNs to process arbitrary lengths of input and produce arbitrary lengths of output. For training RNNs we use rnnlib ~ _cite_ . To train our recognition model, we primarily use online data, which comprises the trace/strokes of a pen on a recording screen as separate characters and words are written, for character and word level data respectively. Offline data comprises of images. Online data possesses spatio-temporal information which proves to be beneficial for our script recognition task. Existing models for script recognition focus on extracting linguistic and/or statistical models for script recognition at the word or the text-line level ~ _cite_ . In contrast, our model is based on the hypothesis that the curves of online character level strokes of each script comprise sufficient distinctive features for the script recognition at the word level as well. The curves are represented by the spatio-temporal information obtained as the text is written. Online character level training data is much lighter than word level data thus providing the benefit of faster training. It further reduces the requirement of larger word level datasets. This is highly applicable in a country such as India, which has a diverse set of scripts, in order to bootstrap script recognition for languages where data is scarce and annotation is expensive. We illustrate by training using just the character level data and test them for word level data. To extend our online models for prediction of offline data, we use Stroke Recovery. A Stroke Recovery method is one which takes as input a text image and outputs the possible order of strokes that are required to write the character~ _cite_ . In other words, it extracts the temporal information of the handwritten data. Training of offline data demands larger datasets and training time vis-a-vis that of online data. Thus, we developed a Stroke Recovery method to obtain a possible sequence of pen strokes where each stroke is a sequence of pixels the pen would cover. We then classify the output into the appropriate script using recognition models obtained by training using the online data. The main contributions of this paper: (i) evaluate script recognition using spatio-temporal features (ii) evaluate the model for N scripts at the character-level and apply character-level models for word-level prediction for N distinct scripts, (iii) apply the same to offline word level recognition using stroke recovery.