robots have shown great potential in reshaping human life in the future. However, artificial visual systems so far are still struggling to provide a robot with the required capacity to respond to the dynamic visual world in real-time, like many animal species do. Among many visual functionalities, detecting small moving targets is one of the most important abilities for many animal species, e.g., finding mates in the distance, and it is also critical for a robot to track small targets in a cluttered background. Small target motion detection in visual cluttered backgrounds is always considered as a challenging problem for artificial visual systems. The difficulty is reflected in two aspects: first, when a target is far away from the observer, it always appears as a small dim speckle whose size may vary from one pixel to a few pixels in the field of view. In this size, shape, color and texture information cannot be used for target detection. Second, small targets are often buried in cluttered backgrounds and difficult to separate from noise. In addition, ego-motion may bring in further difficulties to small target motion detection. Nature has provided a rich source of inspiration for small target motion detection. Detecting small targets in naturally cluttered backgrounds is critical for many insect species to search for mates or track prey. As the result of millions of years of evolution, the small target motion detection visual systems in insects are both efficient and reliable _cite_ . For example, dragonflies can pursue small flying insects with successful capture rates as high as _inline_eq_ relying on their well evolved vision system _cite_ . Compared to the visual systems of primate animals, insects' visual systems achieve amazing capability using relatively simple structures and a small number of neurons. Insects' visual pathways are practical models for designing artificial vision systems for small target motion detection. In the insect's visual system, a class of specific neurons, called small target motion detectors (STMDs), have been identified as showing exquisite selectivity for small targets (size selectivity) _cite_ . To be more precise, the STMD neurons give peak responses to targets subtending _inline_eq_ of the viusal region, with no response to larger bars (typically _inline_eq_) or to wide-field grating stimuli. In addition, some STMD neurons are directionally selective (direction selectivity) _cite_ . They respond strongly to small target motion oriented along a preferred direction, but show weak or no, even fully opponent response to null-direction motion. Null direction is _inline_eq_ from the preferred direction. Although the postsynaptic pathways of the STMD neurons are still under investigation _cite_, it is clear that knowing the small target motion and its direction at the same time is an advantage in tasks such as tracking mates or intercepting prey. The electrophysiological knowledge about the STMD neurons and their afferent pathways revealed in the past few decades makes it possible to propose quantitative STMD models, however, little has been done on systematically modeling these directionally selective STMD neurons. As pioneers, Wiederman _cite_ developed elementary small target motion detector (ESTMD) to account for size selectivity of the STMD neurons. The ESTMD showed strong responses to small target motion, but much weaker or even no responses to wide-field motion. However, it did not consider direction selectivity and showed no different responses to small target motion oriented along different directions. Wiederman and O'Carroll _cite_ mentioned that two hybrid models, i.e., elementary motion detector (EMD)-ESTMD and ESTMD-EMD, could exhibit both size and direction selectivities. In the further research _cite_, these two models are successfully used for target tracking. Although direction selectivity was noted in these models, the direction selectivity in an STMD model should be systematically investigated. In this paper, we propose a neural network to model the specific STMD neurons with direction selectivity called DSTMD. It can detect not only small target motion but also the motion direction in cluttered backgrounds. The proposed neural network incorporates a new correlation mechanism which correlates signals relayed from two pixels so as to introduce directional selectivity. Then, a lateral inhibition mechanism acting on correlation outputs is used for size selectivity. Finally, a population vector algorithm is used to encode motion direction of small targets. Systematic experiments are carried out to validate the proposed neural network in complex environments. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. In Section _ref_, the related work will be reviewed. In Section _ref_, the proposed neural network is described in detail. In Section _ref_, the experiments are carried out to test the performances of the proposed neural network. We give further discussions in Section _ref_ and finally in Section _ref_, we conclude this paper.