The global ocean circulation is substantially affected by characteristic vortices, called mesoscale ocean eddies, moving circularly in parts of the Earth's great currents. Their main contribution to ocean circulation is due to the transport of a huge amount of kinetic energy. Hence, their detection and tracking is highly relevant in terms of oceanography and climate change studies, respectively. Pattern recognition in satellite imageries is a common task in remote sensing, where deep learning methods make the large amounts of data collected from space considerably more usable than traditional machine learning algorithms. These approaches allow the recognition of objects and coherent patterns from data, wherefore we develop a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based eddy detection and tracking framework. Mesoscale eddies are small circular currents that show characteristic cyclonal and anticyclonal patterns in global maps, e.g. sea level heights~ _cite_, and their automatic detection and identification is an active research topic. Several methods have been developed to approach the formulated detection task, some of which are geometrically inspired~ _cite_, or on the basis of signal decompositions~ _cite_ . In particular, the Okubo-Weiss method~ _cite_ is the most popular physical procedure to approach this problem, due to its physical interpretability, but open questions remain with respect to the threshold definiton~ _cite_ . On the other hand, deep learning algorithms are a breakthrough innovation to approach computer vision tasks such as object recognition, and have recently been used for oceanographic applications (_cite_) . However, neural networks require a large amount of reference data, usually only available at a high cost, in order to learn an adequate model for recognition. Therefore, these supervised approaches are combined with data generation or data augmentation procedures to overcome this problem. _cite_, for example, propose automated techniques to generate training data. In contrast _cite_ suggest transfer learning approaches based on pretrained networks on large openly available datasets that are fine-tuned for the current classification task which significantly reduces the amount of training data needed. _cite_ develop a framework for the classification of multispectral images using deep learning techniques by segmentation with CNNs, and consider the scarcity of annotated satellite data by proposing the synthesization of reference data as an automated procedure. In this paper, we propose an eddy detection and tracking framework combining feature learning by CNNs with an established image processing tool, the Kanade-Lucas-Tomasi (KLT) ~ _cite_ feature tracker. Furthermore, we compare this with a recurrent neural network (RNN), in particular a long-short term memory (LSTM), trained for eddy identification. We utilize the Okubo-Weiss method to tackle the lack of annotated data by detecting a few, yet precise eddies, which are used as training data. By combining these approaches, we are able to achieve a high recall as well as high precision, which tradeoff is generally a problem for ordinary eddy detection method such as the Okubo-Weiss procedure.