When we look at human vision system in relation to electromagnetic spectrum one thing becomes obvious that humans use merely a fraction of it. It is a common knowledge that humans use only visible part of the spectrum however it seems bizarre when we start to probe into the matter. Why would evolution impose such a restriction on humans that otherwise have been evolved with exceptional brain power in comparison to other fellow animals? One common answer to this question would be that since the process of evolution is a random phenomenon and the fact that it doesn't seek any optimum point therefore, it could just be attributed to mere chance. If that is the case, and considering that evolution is exploratory in nature, one must expect a spread of animals when placed over electromagnetic spectrum. However, reality is rather different-somehow animal visions have evolved to restrict themselves towards mid to higher frequency range and strictly contained in a certain region of the spectrum (Figure _ref_) . More specifically, if we look closely and search for animals which possess Near-infrared vision, it would soon become clear how hard it is to find such animals. The mammals which have more evolved vision system clearly show a bias towards visible part of the spectrum and have either bi-chromatic or tri-chromatic vision _cite_ . One must argue here that there is no correlation between having bigger brains and the kind of sensory capabilities. Then it means we must be able to find an example in birds or reptiles. Most birds as we know today use four color channels for vision processing-the extra channel extends towards higher frequency and shorter wavelength part of the spectrum (i.e. ultraviolet) _cite_ _cite_ . Most reptiles stay in visible spectrum except a few. The only one that seems to possess the infrared sensing ability is viper snake _cite_ _cite_ . It is however to be noted that even though these snakes posses the capability to utilize the infrared part of the spectrum using a pit at their forehead, however, this functionality is not part of vision system rather an extension of rudimentary somatosensory sensing system. This brings us to a very interesting point and one must ask here: Is there something at play here? Could it be the case that evolution has intentionally constrained itself towards certain direction in the electromagnetic spectrum thus favoring certain features to evolve such as maybe high level visual processing? \par Since we are interested in finding a relation between the high level visual processing and usage of electromagnetic spectrum it might be useful to mention what it is meant by it. The high level vision system consists of anatomy and processes which allow an animal to perceive meaningful abstractions from the raw sensory data. Some examples of such functions would be semantic segmentation and scene understanding. Since this functionality is rather rare and is often found in animals which are perhaps more evolved such as primates. This brings us to an interesting question: Does limiting sensory data by restricting access to a certain part of spectrum helps in high level visual cognition such as semantic segmentation? As pointed in _cite_ that it is perhaps the perceptual filtration at work which makes human better at high level cognitive tasks, it is interesting to analyze this phenomenon further and see whether prioritizing the sensory input indirectly helps solve high level visual cognition. In this work we aim to address this question by performing a series of experiments on Near Infra-Red (NIR) imaging for their potential applicability in semantic segmentation tasks. \par NIR imaging has gained interest in engineering in the past few years, mostly because of the availability of sensors which could capture such images _cite_ . NIR is a region (Nnm-N _inline_eq_ m) in electromagnetic spectrum adjacent to red. After Night Vision and Thermal cameras, NIR cameras are being seen as another extension to the range of available vision sensors. However, in order to determine the effectiveness of such cameras in various vision tasks, investigations into the matter is needed. Some of the obvious applications of NIR cameras lie in close proximity to thermal cameras _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ which is a low level application. An investigation into the applicability of NIR sensors for high level visual perception is not only interesting from engineering perspective rather it is an intriguing endeavor which could unearth reasons behind choices that evolutionary process has made in order to achieve the current state of visual system. \par The overview of the rest of the article is as follows. The Section _ref_ explains the methods which are used for training the models for learning object categories; Section _ref_ explains the details of experimental setup; Section _ref_ enlists some of the related works; Section _ref_ presents the results obtained from experiments and Section _ref_ wraps the study with some discussions and reflections.