mage retrieval has always been an attractive research topic in the field of computer vision. By allowing users to search similar images from a large database of digital images, it provides a natural and flexible interface for image archiving and browsing. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown remarkable accuracy in tasks such as image classification, and object detection. Recent research has also shown positive results of using CNNs on image retrieval~ _cite_ . However, unlike image classification approaches which often use global feature vectors produced by fully connected layers, these methods extract local features depicting image patches from the outputs of convolutional layers and aggregate these features into (a few hundred dimensions) image-level descriptors. Once meaningful and representative image-level descriptors are defined, visually similar images are retrieved by computing similarities between pre-computed database feature representations and query representations. Thus, a key step contained in these image retrieval methods is to compute global representations. In order to generate distinguishable image-level descriptors, one has to avoid over-representing bursty (or repetitive) features during the aggregation process. Inspired by an observation of similar phenomena in textual data, Jegou et al. _cite_ identified as the phenomenon that numerous feature descriptors are almost identical within the same image . This phenomenon, which appears due to repetitive patterns (e.g., window patches in an image of a building's facade), is widely existed in images containing man-made objects. Since bursty descriptors are often in large numbers, they may contribute much to the final image representations through inappropriate aggregation strategies such as sum pooling. However, this is undesirable as such bursty descriptors may correspond to cluttered regions and consequently result in less distinguishable representations. To address visual burstiness, Jegou et al. _cite_ proposed several re-weighting strategies that penalised descriptors assigned to the same visual word within an image and penalised descriptors matched to many images. Despite effectiveness, these strategies are only customized for the Bag-of-words (BoW) representation model that considers descriptors individually, and cannot be combined with representation models that aggregate local features into a global vector (, do not consider descriptors individually) . In this manuscript, we develop a method to reduce the contribution of bursty features to final image representations in the aggregation stage. We do so by revealing the relationship among features in an image. Based on the property of burstiness, the sum of the similarity score between a bursty feature and the whole feature set would be large as there exist many other features identical (or nearly identical) to the bursty feature. Whereas, the sum of the similarity score between a distinctive feature and the whole feature set tends to be small as it should be dissimilar to other features. To formulate this idea, we emulate deep features of an image as a heat system, where the sum of the similarity score is measured as system temperature. Specifically, for a certain feature, we consider it as the unique heat source, and compute the temperature of any other feature with the partial differential equation induced by the heat equation. Consequently, we define system temperature obtained with this certain feature by summing temperatures of all features. It is simple to understand that features leading to high system temperatures tend to be bursty ones, while features resulting in low system temperatures are distinctive ones. Thus, in order to balance the contributions of bursty features and distinctive ones to the final image-level descriptor, we compel the system temperatures derived from all features (heat sources) in one image to be a constant by introducing a set of weighting coefficients. Heat diffusion, and more specifically anisotropic diffusion, has been used successfully in various image processing and computer vision tasks. Ranging from the classical work of Perona and Malik~ _cite_ to further applications in image co-segmentation, image denoising, and keypoint detection~ _cite_ . Here, we employ the system temperature induced by this well-known theory for measuring the similarity score between a certain deep convolutional feature and others due to the following two reasons. First, as well-known, diffusing the similarity information in a weighted graph can measure similarities between different deep features more accurately compared to the pairwise cosine distances. Second and more importantly, it inspires our second contribution and allows us to obtain considerable performance gains in the image re-ranking stage. Specifically, by considering global similarities that also take into account the relation among the database representations, we propose a method to re-rank a number of top ranked images for a given query image using the query as the heat source. Our contributions can be summarized as follows: The remainder of this manuscript is organized as follows: We briefly overview representative works that close to us in Section~ _ref_ . The details of the proposed feature weighting strategy are described in Section~ _ref_, while the proposed image re-ranking method is presented in Section~ _ref_ . Experimental results are described and discussed in Section~ _ref_, and conclusions are drawn in Section~ _ref_ .