We address the problem of building predictive models of human movement using motion capture data. Specifically, we explore models that can successfully be used in forecasting the ND pose of a human subject conditioned on a small, initial history (a set of priming frames) . Current work has focused on two separate but complementary sub-tasks: N) short-term motion prediction, which is generally evaluated quantitatively by measuring mean squared error (MSE) over a short horizon, and N) long-term motion prediction, which is evaluated qualitatively by manual, visual inspection of samples in order to evaluate plausible trajectories of human motion over long spans of time. Short-term models are useful in applications of motion tracking while long-term models are useful as motion generation tools for computer graphics _cite_ . Models successful in these sub-tasks are also valuable for human gait analysis, studies in the kinematics of human motion, and in human-computer interaction applications _cite_ . Solving the above two sub-problems in motion prediction is challenging given the high dimensionality of the input data as well as the difficulty in capturing the nonlinear dynamics and stochasticity inherent in human motion from observations alone. Furthermore, human motion, in strong contrast to the motion of other objects, depends on the subject's underlying intent and high-level semantic concepts which are tremendously difficult to model computationally. Traditionally, models were built in the framework of expert systems and made use of strong simplifying assumptions, such as treating the underlying process as if it was Markovian and smooth or using low-dimensional embeddings _cite_ . These approaches often led to less-than-satisfactory performance. With the modern successes of artificial neural networks _cite_ in application domains ranging from computer vision _cite_ to machine translation _cite_ and language modeling _cite_, many current models of motion are becoming increasingly based on neural architectures. In this paper, we attack the above two sub-problems using the following strategies. First, we augment the joint angle feature vector, typically fed into predictive neural models, with motion derivative information. This can be easily computed using a finite-difference approximation and naturally contains (temporally) local information that is crucial for generating smooth and consistent motion trajectories. Furthermore, our results demonstrate that the popular approach of training recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in an open loop, i.e., where ground truth input data is fed in at every time step _inline_eq_ to predict output at _inline_eq_, is insufficient when using these models for closed-loop test scenarios, i.e., where model output at time step _inline_eq_ is itself used as input to model at time step _inline_eq_ . In the case of closed-loop generation, the model fails to make good predictions over long time horizons due to drifting and an accumulation of next-step error. To remedy this, we introduce a simple, novel multi-objective loss function that balances the goals of effective next-step prediction with generating good long-term, closed-loop predictions, which we find greatly alleviates model drifting. The neural architectures we propose, which make use of a novel, differentiable backward-planning mechanism, are computationally less expensive and far simpler than competing alternatives. Finally, we address the dearth of effective quantitative methods for evaluating long-term motion synthesis by proposing a novel metric we call the Normalized Power Spectrum Similarity (NPSS) . NPSS is meant to complement the popular MSE by addressing some of its drawbacks including: a) a frequency-shift in a predicted sequence, e.g., walking at a faster or slower rate, compared to ground-truth will be heavily penalized by MSE despite being qualitatively similar, and b) a phase-shift in predicted sequence, e.g., if a few frames of motion are missed/skipped by the model, the resulting predicted motion sequence will be phase-shifted but MSE will heavily penalize it despite qualitative similarity with ground-truth. Our measure accounts for these issues as it is designed to capture the difference in the power spectrum of the ground truth frames and the model's predicted joint angles. The key contributions of this work include: N) a novel, two-stage processing architecture, N) augmenting the input space with easily computable features useful for the domain of motion, N) development of a novel loss function that can help guide the model towards generating longer-term motion trajectories and, N) a novel, evaluation metric called NPSS for long-term human motion quality evaluation, which we will validate with a human user study.