Land cover segmentation deals with the problem of multi-class semantic segmentation of remote sensing images. This problem, which consists of assigning a unique label (or class) to every pixel of an image, is particularly difficult due to (i) the high resolution of the images and diversity of size of the objects, (ii) the diversity of classes and, usually, the similarities among them, (iii) the noisy labeling and implicit rules such as not considering small/isolated areas and (iv) data domain: the model is usually trained with a set of images that highly differ from the target area where it is expected to generalize and perform predictions. In the recent literature, most of the methods solving these problems are based on deep learning. In _cite_ Long \etal popularized the use of fully convolutional networks for segmentation. This method without any dense layer, allowed to create segmentation maps for images of any size. Based on this idea, and also trying to solve the exact alignment problem associated with the pooling layers, several methods have been presented _cite_ . U-Net _cite_ is a popular architecture defined as an encoder-decoder scheme, where in the encoder stage the spatial dimension is gradually reduced with pooling layers and then decoder stage gradually recovers the object details and spatial dimension to finally obtain the output segmentation map. In RefineNet _cite_, proposed by Lin \etal, the ResNet architecture is used as a encoder step while in the decoder step as a set of RefineNet blocks which fuse high resolution features from the encoder and low resolution features from previous RefineNet block. In the domain of satellite images, several methods trying to solve this problem in high-resolution images have been presented _cite_ . The most relevant publication for our work is Gated Convolutional Network (GCN) _cite_, where the segmentation is computed from the outputs of each block of a pre-trained ResNet, using entropy as a gate to fine-tune the prediction at each level. In this paper, we propose a novel method that tackles the problem of land cover segmentation using the data and protocol proposed by the DeepGlobe Land Cover Classification Challenge at CVPRW _cite_ . Figure _ref_ shows two samples from the dataset and the predictions of our model. The proposed method is built over a GCN using a ResNet architecture and exploits the uncertainty of the predictions in each layer. The uncertainty measure, built on the basis of the publication by Alex Kendall and Yarin Gal _cite_, is used to define a set of memory gates between layers that allow for a principled method to select the optimal decision for each pixel. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. In the next section we present the proposed method. In Section III, we present the training setup. In Section IV, we present the experimental results. Finally, Section IV concludes the paper with remarks on the proposed approach.