Many areas of science and engineering have to deal with geometry data of some kind, because shape often encompasses a great deal of critical information for understanding phenomena. Such problems often boil down to a question of identifying latent geometric patterns behind a variety of shapes and correlating the patterns with a certain physical phenomena. In this regard, the convolutional neural networks, also known as CNN or ConvNets, have demonstrated a phenomenal capacity in capturing and recognizing important visual features from images or signals, conceiving the unprecedented advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence research. However, like what has already been pointed out by Bronstein et al. ~ _cite_, geometric features on free-form surfaces are not quite trivial to describe numerically and, hence, do not enjoy the luxury of such powerful ConvNets. That is, in contrast to plain signals or images, where a tensor-like grid structure is readily available, free-form surfaces, or more formally non-Euclidean manifolds, do not possess such grid structure, rendering significant difficulties in consistent data representation. In this reason, many of the core operations of ConvNets, including the very notion of function convolution, cannot be nicely generalized, which is the current bottleneck preventing the wide-spread use of ConvNets in computational geometry and many other relevant research areas. The problem we are addressing in this paper, estimating the wall stress distribution on a cerebral aneurysm surface, is one of such problems that cannot be addressed using the traditional ConvNets. We hypothesize that the magnitude of the wall stress applied to cerebral aneurysms has a correlation with the local surface features of an aneurysm and the semantic context of how these features are aligned. If this hypothesis is true, the magnitude of the wall stress on an aneurysm could be estimated fairly quickly based on its geometric shape. As such, the use of computationally-heavy, finite element type of stress analysis methods will become unnecessary, which presents tons of clinical advantages in patient care. However, for the testing of this hypothesis, a statistical model that concerns with surface features needs to be built, which, unfortunately, is not possible because of the manifold structure of data as previously mentioned. Therefore, we introduce in this paper a novel concept of Zernike convolution on manifold surfaces in an attempt to rigorously expand the concept of ConvNets to surface manifolds. Although we are targeting at a rather specific application of aneurysm wall stress estimation, we keep the generality in formulating the mathematical concepts and theorems behind our method, such that it is seamlessly scalable to other problems. The main scientific contributions of our work can be summarized as follows: