Automatic analysis of cellular imagery to determine nuclei locations is a centrally important problem in diagnosis of several medical conditions including tumor and cancer detection _cite_ . Traditionally, a plethora of feature extraction and morphological processing techniques were developed _cite_ . Recently, there has been a surge of deep learning methods that have shown unprecedented accuracy in nuclei detection. Related work: Some of the earliest attempts at cell nuclei detection involved tailored feature extraction and morphological processing _cite_ . One key limitation of these approaches is that the best features for nuclei detection are rarely readily apparent. Further, often the designed techniques are too specific to choice of dataset and not versatile. Because of their ability to perform feature discovery and generalizable inference, deep learning methods have recently become popular for this problem. For instance, Cruz-Roa et al. _cite_ showed that a deep learning architecture for nuclei detection outperforms methods based on different image representation strategies e.g. bag of features, canonical and wavelet transforms. Xie et al. _cite_, proposed a structural regression model for CNN, where a cell nuclei center is detected if it has the maximum value in the proximity map. In _cite_, Xu et al. proposed a cell detection method based on a stacked sparse autoencoder, where it learns high level features of cell centroids and then a softmax classifier is used to separate the nuclear and non-nuclear image patches. Sirinukunwattana et al. proposed SC-CNN _cite_ which uses a regression approach to find the likelihood of a pixel being the center of a nucleus. In SC-CNN, the probability values are topologically constrained in a way that in vicinity of nuclei center the probability is higher. Another recent approach _cite_ uses a combination of well-known traditional CNNs for cell nuclei segmentation and dictionary learning techniques for refining results. In this paper, we take a different approach by exploiting a prior understanding of the shape of the nuclei, which can be obtained in consultation with a medical domain expert. We note that shapes have played an important role in medical image segmentation. Leventon et al. _cite_ proposed a method for medical image segmentation by incorporating shape information into the geodesic active contour method. Ali et al. _cite_ incorporated prior shape information into boundary and region based active contours for accurate segmentation of cells. \noindent Motivation: While existing deep learning approaches for cell nuclei detection are promising, our goal is to fundamentally alter the learning of the network by enriching it with domain knowledge provided by a medical expert. In particular, we propose to incorporate expert designed nuclei Shape Priors with Convolutional Neural Networks (SP-CNN) . Our contributions include: N) a novel network structure that can incorporate `expected behavior' of nucluei shapes via two components: {\em learnable} layers that perform the nucleus detection and a {\em fixed} processing part that guides the learning with prior information. Three sources contribute to generating the prior: network output, raw edge map from the input image, and a set of predefined shapes prepared by the medical expert, N) analytically, we formulate a new regularization term that is targeted at penalizing false positives while simultaneously encouraging detection inside cell boundary. We carefully design this term so it is differentiable w.r.t. the output and hence the network parameters, enabling tractable learning through standard back-propagation schemes.