In recent year, various convolutional networks have been developed for the applications from low to high level vision problems such as classification, object detection, image restoration and segmentation problems~ _cite_ . Among many problems, this paper focuses on developing a convolutional network that works for image segmentation and filtering problems. For the semantic segmentation, Long \etal proposed a convolutional network~ _cite_, which adopts a classification network as an encoder part for exploiting pre-trained features. Then the entire image is observed by using a pooling and converting the fully connected layer to a convolution layer. However, the labeling results seem somewhat coarse due to the limitation of reconstruction part which is consist of deconvolution layer and up sampling layer. Some researchers tried to alleviate this weakness by cascade deconvolutional network training~ _cite_ or indexing up sampling layer~ _cite_ . Meanwhile, convolutional network approaches for lower class pixel-wise classification such as salient region detection~ _cite_, surface normal classification, and edge orientation classification _cite_ have also been developed, which may be regarded as specific applications of semantic segmentation. In these works, they tried to find appropriate convolutional networks and post processing steps to the convolutional network output. In many of the above stated works and many other recent works, a classification network model~ _cite_ is usually adopted for exploiting the pre-trained features. However, it is not clear whether adopting a classification network is also effective for the pixel-wise labeling problems with small number of labels. Further, for the problems where the input and output have the same dimension as in many of image restoration and labeling problems discussed so far, since successive dimension reduction by pooling reduces specific pixel information, it is not helpful at the image reconstruction stage. From these reasoning, we propose a new convolutional network-in-network structure that can be applied the image-to-image deep learning problems as in Figure~ _ref_ . The proposed structure can be considered a modification of inception network, where the pooling is removed and a larger kernel is added instead. Our main contributions are summarized as follows. In the rest of this paper, overview of related methods is introduced in section N, and the proposed structure is presented in section N. Analysis and comparison are provided in section N and this paper is concluded in section N.