Emotion recognition potentially has many applications in academia and industry, and emotional intelligence is an important part of artificial intelligence. However, in contrast to such tasks as face recognition (FR), emotion recognition has not yet become so widespread. We believe that the reason for this is the fact that emotion recognition is much harder and requires more research and efforts to gain success. Face recognition is also hard, but training data with clean ground truth labels can be collected easier and benchmarks are usually objective (i.e. we know the identity) . In emotion recognition, there is a lack of understanding and the agreement of what the labels should be. This can be proved by recent appearance of datasets with compound emotions~ _cite_ or with dominant and complementary emotions _cite_ . There is also a lack of training data due to difficulty of collecting rare emotions (how often do you clearly show fear?) . Emotion recognition from video is also more difficult than general video recognition. State of the art methods such as (Improved) Dense Trajectories~ _cite_ or ND convolutional neural networks, which typically show a N-N \% accuracy on video datasets, fail to provide results above N \% on emotion datasets~ _cite_ . The emotion recognition challenges, in particular EmotiW N and its predecessors~ _cite_, allow to boost the progress in this area by providing data and benchmarks for training and evaluating novel methods. Once emotions can be recognized reliably and well understood, it can provide the same or even more benefits than face recognition. Due to the presence of concealed emotions it can lead to even more benefits because humans need expert and rare knowledge to recognize concealed emotions, while machines could potentially perform this task easily opening up new research areas as well as new privacy challenges analogously to face recognition. In this work, we attempt to further contribute to the field of emotion recognition by presenting our solution to the fifth Emotion Recognition in the Wild Challenge (EmotiW) N, in particular to its audio-video emotion recognition sub-challenge. Recent NIST reports show that our FR networks perform as state-of-the-art or better in most benchmarks~ _cite_ and, in this work, we employ them for emotion recognition by fine-tuning them on the emotion datasets. Similarly to other video recognition challenges~ _cite_, we make features extracted from facial images of all frames publicly available.