Hand gesture recognition has been a long been a study topic in the field of computer science. It has been regarded as a way of interactions between machine and human. This technology enables computers to understand human instructions without traditional interaction hardware like the mouse and keyboard. Traditional hand gesture recognition systems are based primarily on cameras and image processing algorithms _cite_ . While camera-based hand gesture recognition system provides reliable recognition rate, they have limitations. The most obvious one is that it is highly impacted by the brightness of light _cite_ . In addition, the high demand of computational and power resources also constrain them from being adopted when there are limited resources of processors and batteries _cite_ . Besides, the nature of camera-based recognition system will cause the privacy concern in public use. Recently, hand gesture recognition based on radar has begun to gain interests in public _cite_ . Compare with traditional methods, radar-based hand gesture recognition has its own merits. First of all, while camera can hardly capture a clear image under dim light, radar signal is not affected and can be widely used under dark situations. Secondly, continuous wave Doppler radar sensors detecting the Doppler effect produced by moving objects scattered by radio frequency (RF) signals can be implemented with cost-effective architecture. That is, the frequency of the Doppler phase caused by human gestures is only shifted by a limit of a few hertz, and the price of ADC converters and baseband devices are cost effective. Therefore, the radar-based hand gesture system has obvious advantages for practical use. However, compared to the massive number of researches on the camera-based hand gesture recognition system, there are few literatures to use radar for gesture recognition until recently. Some of the studies focus on radar-based hand gesture recognition on Band E or WLAN _cite_ _cite_ . In _cite_, researchers use the mono-static radar cross section measurements of a human hand for radar-based gesture recognition at E-band, whose frequency range from NG Hz to NG Hz But apparently, E-band is too high and too expensive for massive use in real life. In _cite_, they used Wi-Fi signal to do sensing or recognize gestures of human in a home area. Because Wi-Fi signals can travel through walls, this system indeed enables whole home gesture recognition using fewer wireless sources. However, with so many routers using Wi-Fi technology in daily life, N Wi-Fi seems too crowded for massive use. On the other hand, there are several works on human falling detection, which is a kind of body gesture, by using microwave radar in recent years. Some representative works are presented in _cite_ . High accuracy falling detection from normal movements was achieved by Zig-bee module in computer _cite_ . Besides, in _cite_, a coherent frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar sensor is designed and tested for long-term wireless fall detection in home and hospitals. By analyzing the radar cross section (RCS), range, and Doppler changes in the Inverse-Synthetic-Aperture-Radar (ISAR) image during the subject's movement, falling can be distinguished from normal movements such as sitting. Moreover, some researchers adopt both video and ultra-band radar in their attempts _cite_ . They applied hidden Markov models to train the features extracted from received signals to discern the types of motion. However, the difference between hand gesture recognition and fall detection lies in that, hand gesture recognition detection needs more fine-grained signal processing. In this paper, we propose a hand gesture system based on Doppler-Radar using convolutional neural networks (CNN) . Unlike many researches focusing on modeling received radar signal of different hand gestures, our approach focuses on establishing relationship between radar signal and hand gestures based on a sample database. Specifically, we adopt a Doppler radar with double signal channels at N to acquire a big data sample of four standard common-use gestures; Then we apply short-time Fourier transform and continuous wavelet transform as two major time-frequency analysis methods to the received signal; At last, with the results of time-frequency analysis, we use convolutional neural networks, a machine learning algorithm to perform the classification. Moreover, we discuss the effect of the following two factors on the accuracy of gesture recognition: distances between the gesture and sensor and scale of gesture. The results show that, accuracy may drop a little bit but still keeps on a high rate when the distance between gestures and sensor becomes larger. And the scale of the gesture does not vary much about the accuracy rate. However, the nature of the convolution neural networks implies that more samples are needed to achieve a higher accuracy of different people. Our results show that the proposed hand gesture recognition system based on Doppler-Radar and CNN is able to have a great specific gesture recognized in an extraordinary accurate way. The whole paper is structured in the following way. The second section describes the problem and introduces hardware structures and implementation of the system. Section III introduces the system architecture, including three parts: data acquisition, time-frequency analysis and classification, and discusses the results of our experiments. Finally, conclusion remarks are drawn in Section IV.