Everyday and everywhere we are surrounded by objects. Objects augment our environment and serve as entities in space which provide information about state. They are essential to interpret the state of environment and situation by their presence, pose, composition, etc. One may say objects discretize our environment and form building blocks that our environment. Visual perception of objects is essential for a plethora of tasks in service and industrial robotics: robots are supposed to assemble parts on assembly lines, unload shipping containers, maintain stock shelves in super markets, guiding visitors in museums, reason about objects in big data applications like cloud robotics, etc.~ _cite_ . Consequently, robots are constantly confronted with object-related tasks like detection, recognition or categorization of objects as well as estimating or tracking their pose. In particular, robots are increasingly applied in manipulation, monitoring or surveying tasks where they face a significant amount of unknown objects making object perception tasks more and more challenging. Therefore a perception system is required that is flexible and scalable to classify a large set of individual, even unknown, object instances into a significantly smaller set of groups in which instances within a group share commonalties such as in form of shape appearance; such group can be denoted as a category which underlies a shape concept. Besides object detection, where potential object candidates are localized in a scene~ _cite_, the goal of instance recognition is to learn a particular model w.r.t. a very specific known object instance (e.g. Heinz Tomato N Varieties Ketchup, Ngramm, plastic bottle), whereas in categorization the goal is to learn a generic model of a . Therefore the challenging task in categorization, in contrary to recognition, is to learn a generic model from instance appearances that belong to the same or category based on similarities or commonalities~ _cite_ . In other words, in our example case of a, the goal is to learn the essence of what makes objects appear as a . Consequently, information about individual instance specifics have generally a neglectable relevance in categorization. One can say that is the generalization task of identifying objects from viewpoints whereas is the generalization task of classifying objects to categories which also entails the classification of objects from viewpoints~ _cite_ . Note that categorization of objects bears also the risk of uncertainty by the absence of an explicit object model in contrary to instance recognition where an explicit object model which is supposed to be recognized is given beforehand. Therefore the major goal in the categorization task is robustness towards inter-category and intra-category variability, i.e. the extraction of category-specific characteristics while considering the diversity in instance appearances within each category. Given raw ND point cloud data, reasoning about object semantics such as a shape category requires an abstraction process: the data is processed towards an abstract level such that clusters of points are detected as a single entity that can be labeled to be part of a category (e.g.,) . One can identify three subproblems: N) Robust extraction of regions that abstract semantically meaningful segments in the scene from real-world (noisy and raw) sensor data. So-called over-segmentation techniques~ _cite_ are often applied to segment a scene into uniformed-sized (fine-grained) segments. A subsequent goal is to segment distinctive and homogeneous regions (e.g., Super Patch Segments~ _cite_), which ideally represent components or parts of objects and that can be used as building blocks for object reasoning purposes. N) Detection and localization of object candidates in scenes that reflect clusters or groups of regions. The objective is to detect groups of neighboring regions, which comply with generic-object appearance characteristics or patterns~ _cite_ . Such appearances can be derived from theories of cognitive science, e.g. saliency analysis~ _cite_ or rule-based approaches such as the ~ _cite_ . The latter infers objects based on the assumption that parts of objects do predominantly appear in a convex alignment. By considering such geometric or texture features in the decision process, unknown primitive-shaped objects like boxes or cylinders can even be extracted in cluttered scenes~ _cite_ . A robust detection of more complex-shaped objects requires the exploration of more sophisticated object appearance analyses (e.g. so-called ~ _cite_ or analysis based on compositions of regions~ _cite_) in order to identify appearance patterns of shape part compositions and relationships among those which can represent complex-shaped objects. N) Classification of object candidates to specific object categories, which is the focus of this work (see Fig.~ _ref_), with two main shape-related aspects as further motivated in Sec.~ _ref_: i) the surface description and ii) the representation of shape structure.