The level of automation in traffic and transportation is increasing rapidly, especially in the context of highway scenarios, where complexity is reduced in comparison to urban street scenarios. Traffic congestion is annoying, stressful, and time-consuming. Progress in the area of autonomous driving thus offers the opportunity to: Improve this condition, enhance traffic flow, and yield corresponding benefits such as reduced energy consumption~ _cite_ . At the same time, autonomous systems are distributed by a number of different manufacturers and suppliers. This leads to the challenge of the interaction between different autonomous systems and human-operated vehicles. Therefore, it seems to be within the realm of possibility that increased automation in traffic may compromise the average flow of mixed intelligence traffic. As highway traffic can be described in terms of a multi-agent system with independent agents cooperating and competing to achieve an objective the key to high-performance highway traffic flow might lie within multi-agent learning and thus within the understanding and exploration of distributed decision-making and its strategies. Transfer learning is used with increasing frequency within deep learning and might prove able to adapt artificial neural networks to bordering tasks~ _cite_ . Within the automotive industry, the pros and cons of each such strategy are still subject to ongoing discussions. This work contributes to this discussion by investigating the performance of transfer learning, as opposed to multi-agent learning, regarding distributed decision-making in highway traffic. For the experiments, agents are trained with different learning strategies and deploy them to the micro-traffic simulation, which was introduced along with the MIT N.SN: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars course~ _cite_ . The aim of this study is to examine the impact on mixed intelligence traffic in the form it's expected to take with the adoption of Level N autonomous driving. To this end the subsequent steps are taken: