Monitoring and surveillance attract many researchers, specially with the development of the Internet of Things (IoTs) . Within this discipline, Wireless Senor Networks (WSNs) are able to sense scalar data like temperature, light, and so on~ _cite_, while Wireless Multimedia Sensor Networks add the access to audio, images, or video data. They are built with low cost~ _cite_ Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor (CMOS) cameras and have a big range of applications in different fields like health, military, environmental, etc. The main challenges in WMSNs is to capture and process needed information with low energy consumption, fast computation time, and high Quality of Service (QoS) . The depth of an object or a monitored character gives us an essential clue for tracking or triggering an event. This depth will create a Nd representation of any object and it cannot be supplied by conventional gathered data. Most existing ND reconstruction methods~ _cite_ use professional, complex, and expensive sensors with a specific network topology to obtain the required results. However, camera sensors in WMSNs have low energy resources because they are powered by limited batteries, so energy consumption is a primary constraint for WMSNs as we aim to prevent from decreasing uselessly the network lifetime. Our main objective is thus to compute ND-depth while maintaining low power consumption, high speed, and QoS in the specific context of wireless multimedia sensor networks. This is why we propose the use of low-complexity disparity maps computed by a couple of low cost sensor nodes in a WMSN. This is done to efficiently provide, to the monitoring system, an important depth information of the object under surveillance. Indeed, having multiple images captured at low cost from different views, and applying Stereo Vision on different couples after regrouping each pair of sensors as left camera and right one, our system can calculate at low cost some disparity maps to recover the depth information. This system is summarized in Figure~ _ref_ . As can be seen, data processing is made locally in each couple of sensors. This will reduce the transmission rate that has a direct and important effect on the network lifetime. Our system will thus not transmit high resolution images, but only gray-scale disparity maps, and on demand--depending on the triggered event or changes in the scene. The remainder of this article is organized as follow. Section~ _ref_ introduces the WMSN specifications, challenges, and limitations. In Section~ _ref_, two low cost disparity map extraction methods are presented, namely the Sum of Absolute Differences (SAD) and Sum of Squared Differences (SSD) ones. They are expedimented in the next section, and a complexity estimation is provided. This research article ends by a conclusion section, in which the contribution is summarized and intended future work is outlined.