In recent years, both the price and the size of thermal cameras have decreased, while the resolution and quality of thermal images have improved, which has opened up new application areas such as surveillance, rescue, and driver assistance at night~ _cite_ . Thermal infrared (TIR) object tracking is often used as a subroutine that plays an important role in these vision tasks. It has several superiorities over visual object tracking~ _cite_ . For example, TIR tracking is not sensitive to variation of the illumination, whereas visual tracking usually fails in poor visibility. In addition, it can protect privacy in some real-world scenarios such as surveillance of private places. Despite its many advantages, TIR object tracking faces a lot of challenges. First, TIR objects have several adverse properties, such as the absence of visual colour patterns, low resolution, and blurry contours. {Also, TIR objects often lie on} a complicated background that has dead pixels, blooming, and distractors~ _cite_ . These adverse properties hinder the extraction of discriminative features by the feature extractor, which severely degrades the quality of the tracking model. Second, several other challenges are faced by TIR tracking, such as deformation, occlusion, and scale variation. In order to handle these challenges, several TIR trackers have been proposed over the past years. For instance, Li ~ _cite_ propose a TIR tracker based on sparse theory and compressive Harr-like features which can handle the occlusion problem to some extent. Gundogdu ~ _cite_ use multiple correlation filters (CFs) with the histogram of oriented gradient features to construct an ensemble TIR tracker which can adapt the changed appearance of the object due to the proposed switching mechanism. To alleviate the fact that a single feature is not robust to the various challenges, in~ _cite_, the authors present a sparse representation-based TIR tracking method using the fusion of multiple features. However, these methods do not solve the challenges of TIR tracking well because it is difficult to obtain the discriminative information of the TIR objects using these hand-crafted features. Considering the powerful representation ability of the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), some works~ _cite_ introduce CNN features into TIR tracking. Unfortunately, these trackers have not made great progress for several reasons. First, the used CNN feature is obtained from a classification network, which is not optimal for tracking because the objectives of these two tasks are not explicitly coupled with the network learning. Second, these trackers are not robust to various challenges since they only use the feature of a single CNN layer. Third, the network is only trained on limited TIR images, {so this training} is insufficient to obtain a robust feature. Most recently, by casting the tracking problem as a similarity verification problem, a visual tracker, Siamese-fc~ _cite_, has been proposed. It simply uses a pre-trained Siamese network as a similarity function to verify whether the target candidate is the tracked target in the tracking process. Compared to the classification network, the pre-trained Siamese network is more coupled to the tracking task. Thus, the feature extracted from the pre-trained Siamese network has more discriminative ability. In this paper, we use a Siamese network to carry out TIR tracking. However, there are several problems that must be solved. First, this Siamese network uses the feature of the last convolutional layer, which is not robust for TIR tracking due to the adverse properties of the TIR objects. Second, {a dataset with sufficient public TIR images to train the network is lacking} . To address these problems, we propose a TIR tracker using a hierarchical spatial-aware Siamese CNN. Specifically, to obtain richer spatial and semantic features for TIR tracking, we first design a Siamese CNN that coalesces the deep and shallow hierarchical convolutional layers, since the TIR tracking needs not only the deep-level semantic features to distinguish the different objects but also the shallow-level spatial information to precisely locate the target object. Subsequently, to improve the discriminative ability of the coalesced hierarchical features, a spatial-aware network is integrated into the Siamese CNN. Additionally, we suggest that the deep features learned from visible images can also represent the TIR objects. Therefore, to handle the lack of training data, we train the proposed Siamese network on a large visible video dataset to learn the similarity between paired objects before we transfer the learned network into the TIR domain. Then, the learned Siamese network is used to evaluate the similarity between the target template and target candidates. Finally, we locate the candidate most similar to the tracked target without any adaptation in the tracking process. The experimental results show that our method achieves satisfactory performance. The contributions of the paper are three-fold: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ introduces the most closely related works briefly. Section~ _ref_ describes the main part of the proposed approach. Section~ _ref_ carries out the experiment and presents the results while Section~ _ref_ draws a short conclusion.