Multi-person pose estimation is to recognize and locate the keypoints for all persons in the image, which is a fundamental research topic for many visual applications like human action recognition and human-computer interaction. Recently, the problem of multi-person pose estimation has been greatly improved by the involvement of deep convolutional neural networks~ _cite_ . For example, in~ _cite_, convolutional pose machine is utilized to locate the keypoint joints in the image and part affinity fields~ (PAFs) is proposed to assemble the joints to different person. Mask-RCNN~ _cite_ predicts human bounding boxes first and then warps the feature maps based on the human bounding boxes to obtain human keypoints. Although great progress has been made, there still exist a lot of challenging cases, such as occluded keypoints, invisible keypoints and crowded background, which cannot be well localized. The main reasons lie at two points: N) these ``hard'' joints cannot be simply recognized based on their appearance features only, for example, the torso point; N) these ``hard'' joints are not explicitly addressed during the training process. To address these ``hard'' joints, in this paper, we propose a novel network structure called Cascaded Pyramid Network~ (CPN) . There are two stages in our network architecture: GlobalNet and RefineNet. Our GlobalNet learns a good feature representation based on feature pyramid network~ _cite_ . More importantly, the pyramid feature representation can provide sufficient context information, which is inevitable for the inference of the occluded and invisible joints. Based on the pyramid features, our RefineNet explicitly address the ``hard'' joints based on an online hard keypoints mining loss. Based on our Cascaded Pyramid Network, we address the multi-person pose estimation problem based on a top-down pipeline. Human detector is first adopted to generate a set of human bounding boxes, followed by our CPN for keypoint localization in each human bounding box. In addition, we also explore the effects of various factors which might affect the performance of multi-person pose estimation, including person detector and data preprocessing. These details are valuable for the further improvement of accuracy and robustness of our algorithm. In summary, our contributions are three-fold as follows: