In this article, we describe our research prototype system that can pick piled waste from a conveyor belt. The motivation for this prototype is grounded in the existing industrial robotic application of our company: robotic waste sorting. ZenRobotics' robots have been sorting waste on industrial waste processing sites since N. At one of our sites, N tons of construction and demolition waste has been processed. Of that waste, N tons of metal, wood, stone and concrete objects have been picked up from the conveyor by our sorting robots. Performance of the robot in this environment is critical for paying back the investment. Currently the robots are able to identify, pick and throw objects of up to N kg in less than N seconds, N/N. The current generation robot was taught to grasp objects using human annotations and a reinforcement learning algorithm as mentioned in _cite_ . Robotic recycling is rapidly growing, and is already transforming the recycling industry. Robots' ability to recognize, grasp and manipulate an extremely wide variety of objects is crucial. In order to provide this ability in a cost-effective way, new training methods which do not rely on hardcoding or human annotation will therefore be required. For example, changing the shape of the gripper or adding degrees of freedom might require all picking logic to be rewritten or at least labor-intensive retraining unless the system is able to learn to use the new gripper or degrees of freedom by itself. We have chosen to tackle a small subproblem of the whole sorting problem: learning to pick objects autonomously. This problem differs from the more studied problems of "cleaning a table by grasping" _cite_ and bin picking _cite_ in several ways: N) The objects are novel and there is a large selection of different objects. Objects can be broken irregularly. In effect, anything can (and probably will) appear on the conveyor eventually. N) The objects are placed on the conveyor belt by a random process and easily form random piles. N) On the other hand, this problem is made slightly easier by the fact that it is not necessary to be gentle to the objects; fragile objects will likely have been broken by previous processes already. Scratching or colliding with objects does not cause problems as long as the robot itself can tolerate it (see Fig.~ _ref_) . Our solution starts with no knowledge of the objects and works completely autonomously to learn how to make better pickups using feedback, for example from sensors in the gripper like opening or force feedback. In the following sections, we will first describe the system in detail, describe our experiments with the system and conclude.