Human action recognition has become an important problem in computer vision and received a lot of research interests in this community _cite_ . The problem of action recognition is challenging due to the large intra-class variations, low video resolution, high dimension of video data, and so on. The past several years have witnessed great progress on action recognition from short clips _cite_ . These research works can be roughly categorized into two types. The first type of algorithm focuses on the local features and (BoVWs) representation. The most successful example is to extract improved trajectory features _cite_ and employ Fisher vector representation _cite_ . The second type of algorithm utilizes (ConvNets) to learn video representation from raw data (e.g. RGB images or optical flow fields) and train recognition system in an end-to-end manner. The most competitive deep model is the two-stream ConvNets _cite_ . However, unlike image classification _cite_, deep ConvNets did not yield significant improvement over these traditional methods. We argue that there are two possible reasons to explain this phenomenon. First, the concept of action is more complex than object and it is relevant to other high-level vision concepts, such as interacting object, scene context, human pose. Intuitively, the more complicated problem will need the model of higher complexity. However, the current two-stream ConvNets are relatively shallow (N convolutional layers and N fully-connected layers) compared with those successful models in image classification _cite_ . Second, the dataset of action recognition is extremely small compared the ImageNet dataset _cite_ . For example, the UCFN dataset _cite_ only contains _inline_eq_ clips. However, these deep ConvNets always require a huge number of training samples to tune the network weights. In order to address these issues, this report presents very deep two-stream ConvNets for action recognition. Very deep two-stream ConvNets contain high modeling capacity and are capable of handling the large complexity of action classes. However, due to the second problem above, training very deep models in such a small dataset is much challenging due to the over-fitting problem. We propose several good practices to make the training of very deep two-stream ConvNets stable and reduce the effect of over-fitting. By carefully training our proposed very deep ConvNets on the action dataset, we are able to achieve the state-of-the-art performance on the dataset of UCFN. Meanwhile, we extend the Caffe toolbox _cite_ into multi-GPU implementation with high efficiency and low memory consumption. The remainder of this report is organized as follows. In Section _ref_, we introduce our proposed very deep two-stream ConvNets in details, including network architectures, training details, testing strategy. We report our experimental results on the dataset of UCFN in Section _ref_ . Finally, we conclude our report in Section _ref_ .