In the clinical diagnosis process, to assess the development of the disease, medical practitioners often need to find the differences between CT scan images from the same body region of a patient at different time or similar body regions of different patients. Hence, the medical picture archiving and communication system (PACS) _cite_ usually has to load the complete CT dataset for medical practitioners’ selection, which not only spends too much time but also occupies too much memory space. In this scenario, only several CT slice images are really needed to be loaded rather than the complete dataset. Thus, if the location of a CT scan image has been known, medical practitioners will directly download the needful images from the dataset. For the above reason, determining the location of the given axial CT scan images precisely is quite necessary in the clinical diagnosis process. Due to different heights of patients, relative location should be paid attention to rather than absolute location. In the previous literature, the k-nearest neighbors (KNN) algorithm is the most commonly used algorithm _cite_ . KNN determines the most suitable location by finding the nearest neighbors in the training set to the target CT scan image in terms of different distances (e.g. Euclidean distance and diffusion-based weighted distance) . To the best of our knowledge, the method proposed in _cite_ outperforms other previous methods, which achieved a median error of N cm. That literature used a linear regression with a random subspace-based regularization on the k-nearest neighbors of the training set. Some other machine learning algorithms have also been applied to tackle this problem such as Genetic Programming-based algorithm _cite_ and Random Forest-based algorithm _cite_ . In the past several years, the high development of convolutional neural networks (CNN), which uses multiple processing layers to learn high-level features in training data, makes it possible to learn parameters of regression networks from end to end. However, there are still no studies on how to build a CNN model for the relative location prediction (RLP) in CT scan images _cite_ while deep learning has achieved great success in many other domains _cite_ . In this work, we proposed a one-dimensional (ND) CNN-based regression model for the RLP in CT scan images which meets the expectations of accuracy, robustness and speed.