When flies search for and track prey or conspecifics, their own motion generates displacement of the visual surroundings, inducing wide-field background motion across the retina _cite_ . A class of specialized neurons, called lobula plate tangential cells (LPTCs), has been shown to respond strongly to wide-field motion. LPTCs can be broadly divided into a vertical system (VS) and a horizontal system (HS), which signal wide-field motion in vertical and horizontal directions, respectively _cite_ . The classic correlation model, elementary motion detector (EMD) _cite_ and its improved model, two-quadrant detector (TQD) _cite_ have been proposed to simulate LPTC neurons. These two models show strong responses to wide-field motion and have a clear mapping onto neural circuits of fly visual system. Although EMD and TQD are able to detect background motion, detection performances of these two models are always unsatisfying, especially in cluttered environment. Due to indiscriminate signal correlation, both EMD and TQD always have four outputs which do not show much differences in the strength, representing lobula plate tangential cells' (LPTCs) neural responses along four cardinal directions (up, down, left, right) . In some cases, model outputs along actual motion direction is even weaker than model outputs along other directions. Therefore, the actual direction of target motion cannot be determined by simply comparing the strengths of model outputs along four cardinal directions. Recently, biologists have identified a transmedullary neuron, TmN whose physiological properties do not map onto classic EMD and TQD models, but is required for motion perception _cite_ . Further research indicates that the receptive field of TmN is much larger than that of its downstream neurons TN. Besides, signals from multi columns are converging at the level of TmN. These findings are surprising especially when we consider that only signals from two adjacent photoreceptors are needed for motion computation in both EMD and TQD models. Based on these findings, we infer that TmN neurons are able to inform downstream neurons about local points in a wide receptive field. This property of TmN may help flies effectively avoid confusion caused by incorrect signal correlation while perceiving wide-field motion. In this paper, we propose a max operation mechanism to simulate TmN neurons in order to improve the detection performance of TQD in cluttered background. This mechanism which acts on signals after ON-OFF channel separation of TQD is able to inform downstream neuron TN and TN about spatial maximum of ON and OFF signals in a local neighborhood. These local maximal signals are then temporally-delayed and integrated using the same method with classic TQD model. In the following paper, we will present modeling details of the improved TQD model, meanwhile demonstrating that the improved TQD model is able to overcome shortages of classic TQD model.