As with many artificial intelligence systems nowadays, autonomous driving makes use primarily of supervised deep learning techniques, where object detection algorithms are trained on large manually annotated databases. The traditional processing pipeline for such methods is mainly based on two stages, where the first stage detects a potential interest region (e.g. a rectangle bounding an object of interest in an image), while the second stage classifies that region according to a set of learned object classes. The deep learning revolution brought major improvements in the autonomous driving technology, where the environment surrounding a car can now be understood through vision and information fusion systems, as presented in the computer vision for autonomous vehicles survey from~ _cite_ . Although great progress has been made in this area, fully autonomous driving in complex and arbitrarily environments is still an open challenge. In order for autonomous driving cars to be deployed on a mass scale, their artificial intelligence systems have to possess the capability to generalize and understand in real-time unpredictable scenes and situations. As stated in~ _cite_, the current perception systems used for autonomous driving are producing error rates which are not acceptable for their commercial and large scale deployment, exhibiting less robustness than a human driver. In this paper, a generative semi-parametric algorithm for one-shot learning, entitled Generative One-Shot Learning (GOL) is proposed. Its purpose is to replace supervised trained classifiers which rely on the manual collection and annotation of training data. In particular, GOL is intended to act as an AI system for environment perception in autonomous driving, which can organically adapt to new complex situations and learn from the scarce available information describing these new driving scenes. The training of GOL is performed based on conflicting objectives which imply the usage of so-called Pareto optimal solutions, which model the fact that, for a given problem, there exists a (possible infinite) number of Pareto optimal solutions. The multi-objective optimization is also called Pareto optimization. We introduce the Pareto optimal classifier concept for an estimator obtained from Pareto optimal solutions. The main contributions of this paper are summarized as follows: The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The GOL algorithm will be detailed in the next section, while the state of the art and the relation of GOL to other approaches will be given in the related work Section~ _ref_ . The performance of GOL in autonomous vision tasks is presented in Section~ _ref_ . Finally, conclusions are stated in Section~ _ref_ .