Deep learning comes with challenges with respect to computational resources and training data requirements . Some of the breakthroughs in deep neural networks (DNNs) only became possible through the availability of massive computing systems or through careful co-design of software and hardware. For example, the AlexNet system presented in~ was implemented efficiently utilising two NVIDIA \textregistered~GTXN GPUs for training. Machine learning on robots has been a growing area over the past years~ . It has become increasingly desirable to employ DNNs in low powered devices, among them humanoid robot systems, specifically for complex tasks such as object detection, walk learning, and behaviour learning. Robot software systems that involve DNNs face the challenge of fitting their large computational demands on a suitable computing platform that also complies with the robot's electrical power budget. One way to address these challenges is to develop and use modern software architectures and efficient algorithms for the most resource hungry components, e.g. \computer vision~ . The need for hardware that can run deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) on low powered devices can be seen in humanoid robotic systems that only possess CPU resources. Spec et al.~ _cite_ developed a DCNN designed to locate soccer balls on a field. The final performance of this system was insufficient for practical use, with an execution time of per frame. In a dynamic environment, both the framerate and latency of this detection would reduce its usefulness. Furthermore, the developed architecture consumed too much RAM (_inline_eq_) to be usable on the chosen humanoid robot system. Javadi et al.~ _cite_ compared the performance of several well-known DCNN architectures on the task of detecting and classifying other humanoid robots. The performance of these networks was compared both on GPUs and the CPUs of the target robots. Even for the classification task, none of the tested deep network architectures achieved acceptable performance. Only a two-layer network executed in less than on their target platform. While the design of the robot's brain and software system is the most crucial part of a humanoid robot system, every other component of the robot, hardware or software, has to be carefully considered, as well. This paper compares a few currently popular devices that can be used as the main computing device on a low-powered humanoid robot, with the aim to allow usage of deep learning as part of the robot software system.