Over the last few years, deep learning especially deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have emerged as one of the most prominent approaches for image recognition problems in various domains including computer vision~ _cite_ and medical image computing~ _cite_ . Most of the studies focused on the ND object detection and segmentation tasks, which have shown a compelling accuracy compared to previous methods employing hand-crafted features. However, in the field of medical image computing, volumetric data accounts for a large portion of medical image modalities, such as Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), etc. Furthermore, the volumetric diagnosis from temporal series usually requires data analysis even in a higher dimension. In clinical practice, the task of volumetric image segmentation plays a significant role in computer aided diagnosis (CADx), which provides quantitative measurements and aids surgical treatments. Nevertheless, this task is quite challenging due to the high-dimensionality and complexity along with volumetric data. To the best of our knowledge, there are two types of CNNs developed for handling volumetric data. The first type employed modified variants of ND CNN by taking aggregated adjacent slices~ _cite_ or orthogonal planes (i.e., axial, coronal and sagittal) ~ _cite_ as input to make up complementary spatial information. However, these methods cannot make full use of the contextual information sufficiently, hence it is not able to segment objects from volumetric data accurately. Recently, other methods based on ND CNN have been developed to detect or segment objects from volumetric data and demonstrated compelling performance~ _cite_ . Nevertheless, these methods may suffer from limited representation capability using a relatively shallow depth or may cause optimization degradation problem by simply increasing the depth of network. Recently, deep residual learning with substantially enlarged depth further advanced the state-of-the-art performance on ND image recognition tasks~ _cite_ . Instead of simply stacking layers, it alleviated the optimization degradation issue by approximating the objective with residual functions. Brain segmentation for quantifying the brain structure volumes can be of significant value on diagnosis, progression assessment and treatment in a wide range of neurologic diseases such as Alzheimer's disease~ _cite_ . Therefore, lots of automatic methods have been developed to achieve accurate segmentation performance in the literature. Broadly speaking, they can be categorized into three classes: N) Machine learning methods with hand-crafted features. These methods usually employed different classifiers with various hand-crafted features, such as support vector machine (SVM) with spatial and intensity features~ _cite_, random forest with ND Haar like features~ _cite_ or appearance and spatial features~ _cite_ . These methods suffer from limited representation capability for accurate recognition. N) Deep learning methods with automatically learned features. These methods learn the features in a data-driven way, such as ND convolutional neural network~ _cite_, parallelized long short-term memory (LSTM) ~ _cite_, and ND fully convolutional networks~ _cite_ . These methods can achieve more accurate results while eliminating the need for designing sophisticated input features. Nevertheless, more elegant architectures are required to further advance the performance. N) Multi-atlas registration based methods~ _cite_ . However, these methods are usually computationally expensive, hence limits its capability in applications requiring fast speed. To overcome aforementioned challenges and further unleash the capability of deep neural networks, we propose a deep voxelwise residual network, referred as~, which borrows the spirit of deep residual learning to tackle the task of object segmentation from volumetric data. Extensive experiments on the challenging benchmark of brain segmentation from volumetric MR images demonstrated that our method can achieve superior performance, outperforming other state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin.