Object detection is one of the most challenging tasks in computer vision and has attracted a lot of attentions all the time. Most existing detection methods use bounding box to locate objects in images. The traditional bounding box is a rotation variant data structure, which becomes a shortcoming when the detector has to deal with orientation variations of target objects. This article discusses how to design and train a rotation invariant detector by introducing the rotatable bounding box (RBox) . Unlike traditional bounding box (BBox) which is the circumscribed rectangle of a rotated object, RBox is defined to involve the orientation information into its data structure. The proposed detector (Detector using RBox, DRBox) is very suitable for detection tasks that the orientation angles of the objects are arbitrarily changed. Rotation invariant property becomes important for detection when the viewpoint of the camera moves to the top of the object thus the orientations of the objects become arbitrarily. A typical application is the object detection task in aerial and satellite images. Hundreds of remote sensing satellites are launched into space each year and generate huge amounts of images. Object detection on these images is of great importance, whereas the existing detection methods suffer from the lack of rotation invariant property. In the next paragraph, we firstly give a brief overview of the object detection methods, and then discuss how rotation invariant is taken into consideration by the recent methods. Previous object detection methods usually use economic features and inference schemes for efficiency, and prevalent such methods include deformable part model (DPM) ~ _cite_, selective search (SS) ~ _cite_ and EdgeBoxes~ _cite_ . As the development of deep learning technique, deep neural networks (DNNs) have been applied for solving the object detection problem and the DNN based approaches achieve state-of-the-art detected performance. Among DNN based methods, region-based detector is widely used. Region-based convolutional neural network method (R-CNN) ~ _cite_ makes use of SS for generating region proposals, and convolutional neural networks (CNN) is then employed on each proposal for detection. R-CNN is slow, in part because every proposal has to be fed into the network individually, in part because it is a multi-stage pipeline approach. Consequent approaches take much effort to integrate the detection pipelines gradually. Spatial pyramid pooling networks (SPPnets) ~ _cite_ speeds up R-CNN by sharing computation. The spatial pyramid pooling is introduced to remove the fixed size input constraint and the whole image needs only pass the net once. Several innovations are employed in Fast R-CNN~ _cite_ to improve both the effect and the efficiency of detection, including the use of RoI layer, multi-task loss, and the truncated SVD. Instead of using SS to generate region proposals, Faster R-CNN applies region proposal networks (RPNs) to generate the proposals~ _cite_, making all detection steps be integrated in an unified network, which achieves the best detected result at that time. Anchor boxes with multiple scales and aspect ratios are of the essence in Faster R-CNN, which locate the position of candidate objects. In Fast/Faster R-CNN, the network can be partitioned into a fully convolutional subnetwork which is independent of proposals and shares the computation, and a per-proposal subnetwork without sharing the computation. It is noticed that the per-proposal subnetwork is inefficient, and a region-based fully convolutional network (R-FCN) is proposed in~ _cite_ to remedy that issue by using FCN to share almost all computation on the entire image. By adding a branch to predict the mask of objects upon Faster R-CNN, Mask R-CNN can simultaneously detect the object and generate the segmentation mask of the object~ _cite_ . There is another kind of DL-based object detection approach that does not rely on region proposals, such as you only look once detector (YOLO) ~ _cite_ and single shot multibox detector (SSD) ~ _cite_ . We refer to YOLO and SSD as box-based methods since they generate several boxes for detecting objects in the image according to certain rules. These boxes are called as prior boxes and objects are supposed to locate in or near certain prior box. SSD attempts to use pyramidal feature hierarchy computed from the convolutional net, however without reusing the higher resolution maps in the pyramidal feature hierarchy. The feature pyramid network (FPN) ~ _cite_ better utilizes the pyramidal feature hierarchy through introducing lateral connections which merge high-level semantic feature maps with coarse resolution and low-level semantic feature maps with refined resolution. Many recent machine learning based methods have been used for remote sensing object detection. Many machine learning methods extract the candidate object feature, such as histogram of oriented gradients (HOG) ~ _cite_, texture~ _cite_, bag-of-words (BoW) ~ _cite_, regional covariance descriptor (RCD) ~ _cite_, and interest point~ _cite_, followed by certain classifier, for example, sparse representation classifier (SRC) ~ _cite_ and support vector machine (SVM) ~ _cite_ . As the development of deep learning technique, DNNs have been successfully employed to solve object detection problem in remote sensing images. A CNN based pioneering study upon vehicle detection in satellite images is presented in _cite_, followed by many approaches that focus on different types of geospatial object detection problems~ _cite_ . As another effective feature extraction tool, deep Boltzmann machine is also used as feature extractor in geo-spatial object detection problems~ _cite_ . To make the approach insensitive to objects’ in-plane rotation, some efforts are made either adjusting the orientation, or trying to extract rotation insensitive features. For example, to deal with the rotation variation of geo-spatial objects issue, a rotation invariant regularization term is introduced which enforces the samples and their rotated versions share the similar features~ _cite_ . Unlike these methods which try to eliminate the effect of rotation on the feature level, we prefer to make the rotation information useful for feature extraction so that the detection results involve the angle information of the objects. Therefore, the detection results is “rotatable”, whereas the performance of the detector is rotation invariant. Zhou \etal proposed a network named ORN~ _cite_ which shows similar character with our method. ORN is used to classify images while extracting the orientation angle of the whole image. However, ORN can not be applied straightforward as a detection network, which needs to detect orientation locally on each object. In our method, the angle estimation is associated to plenty of prior boxes, so that the rotation of an object can be realized by the corresponding prior boxes, while other prior boxes are still available for other objects. Additionally, our method effectively separates the object proposals with its background pixels, so the angle estimation can concentrate on the object without the interfere of background. The next section explains why rotatable bounding box (RBox) is better than BBox for rotation invariant detection. In section N we discuss how RBox takes place of BBox to form the newly designed detection method, DRBox. DRBox is tested on ship, airplane and vehicle detection in remote sensing images, exhibiting definitely superiority compared with traditional BBox based methods.