The perception of the environment is one of the key abilities for playing soccer; without an adequate vision system it is not possible to determine the position of field's features or to self-localize. It is also impossible to determine the position of the ball and the other players, which is necessary in order to play properly. Given that the soccer environment is highly dynamic and has a predefined physical setup, most of the current vision systems use color information. In the case of the SPL and the former Four-Legged League, the first generation of vision systems analyzed colored objects which were then segmented. Year by year, the restriction of having colored objects in the field was relaxed: (i) the number of colored beacons was first reduced and then beacons were not used anymore, (ii) the goals were first colored and solid, then non-solid, and finally white, (iii) the ball used to be orange, and since N, black and white. However, still most of the teams use color information to detect field features (e.g., lines and their intersections), other players and the ball. Very recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been used for detecting the robots and/or the ball (e.g., _cite_), but even in these cases, the CNN-based detectors require object proposals which are usually obtained using color information. Therefore, to the best of our knowledge, color-free vision systems have not been used in robotic soccer, at least not in the SPL. Some of the main reasons are: (i) the challenge of achieving real-time operation when using limited computational resources, (ii) the problem of training deep detectors without having very large databases, and (iii) the challenge of having fast and color-free object proposals. The goal of this paper is to propose a color-free vision system for the SPL. The main features of this system are: (i) real-time operation in the NAO robot, and (ii) the ability to detect the ball, the robots, their orientations, the lines and key field features very robustly. In fact, our ball, robots and robots' orientation detectors are highly performant; they obtain the highest reported detection rates.