The surge in solar photovoltaic (PV) based renewable energy in recent years has revolutionized the energy sector across the globe by greatly reducing the energy cost _cite_ . Growing number of large-and mid-sized solar farms often face operations and maintenance challenges. Environment induced soiling on solar panel (accumulation of dust, pollen, leaves, bird drop, snail trail, and snow) and defects, such as cracks, hamper the power generation at large _cite_ . Automatic visual inspection-based solutions can play a vital role in efficient solar farm operations, maintenance, and asset warranty. The type of soiling or defect on the panel can be instantly and effortlessly recognized by merely looking at the PV panel image. However, to analyze the impact of soiling or defect on the performance of the solar panel, detailed information, such as soiling amount and coverage, type of the material, and location on the panel, is required. This information is not only useful for estimating the impact on the performance of solar panel, but also helpful for recommending corrective measures; which together are critical for efficient solar farm maintenance. As an example, wiping is a more appropriate cleaning action when solar panel is covered with bird drop rather than air blow which is effective for cleaning dust (see Figure _ref_ (c) and (d)) . This decision is likely due to the nature of the material, e.g., bird drop has sticky and oily composition than dust. Besides soiling coverage and type, soiling location also plays a vital role in impact prediction due to the physics of cell connections in a panel. As an example, dust cover on panels in Figure _ref_ (b) is much less than that in Figure _ref_ (a), however, power loss is similarly high in both the cases. By design, solar panels have cells in series in vertical columns and one bypass diode per two columns. Therefore, even if one cell is fully covered by dust, it can block the current for the entire bypass diode segment; thus resulting in high power loss. We aim to develop a model that provides information about the soiling and defects on the panel using RGB image of a solar panel. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have performed well in visual recognition tasks such as object detection and image segmentation. Yet, application of CNNs in solar farm monitoring and management still remains a challenge; primarily due to lack of labeled datasets. In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end fully convolutional neural network, DeepSolarEye, that simultaneously predicts the power loss and localizes soiling area from an image of a solar panel. A simplified overview of DeepSolarEye is presented in Figure _ref_ . Ideally, we need power loss and localization mask labels to train such a model. In our approach, we bypass the explicit localization mask requirement. We use power loss (or classification label) as weak supervision for generating the localization masks. The main contributions of our paper are: