Because the periods of rotation and revolution are equal in the synchronous rotation of the moon, everyone on Earth sees almost the same lunar surface. The surface of the moon has color variation caused by the differences in composition. The large dark areas on the moon are called maria, which are composed of basalts erupted from the interior of the moon [N, N] . People recognize familiar objects from the pattern of the lunar maria, although the objects differ according to one's society and environment. In Europe, the lunar pattern is considered to be a human face [N] . On the other hand, the lunar pattern is considered to be a hare in Asian countries. In addition to the human face and the hare, a crab and a lion have also been reported as animals in the moon (Fig. _ref_) [N] . Although these objects in the moon are imagined due to the similarity between the lunar pattern and the shape of an animal, the culture and the environment in each society also influence the kind of object recognized in the moon. For example, in one of the old Buddhist tales, which are called "Jataka", a hare is exalted to the moon [N] . Thus, the hare in the moon believed in Asian countries is related to Buddhism. Recently, deep learning has achieved great success for recognizing and categorizing the objects in images. For example, deep learning of the CNN has been applied to the recognition of hand-written digits [N], human faces [N], and the detection of craters on Mars [N] . The CNN recognizes objects by learning the shape of training images. Thus, unlike human recognition, the CNN does not identify an object via culture and environment. In this work, shape recognition of the lunar pattern for the crab, lion and hare is performed by the CNN. First, the CNN learns the silhouette images, which consist of outlines of the three animals. By using silhouette images, even a simple CNN can categorize images with high accuracy and reduced computation time. Moreover, images of real animals are not required because the outline of the maria pattern is important. Evaluation using the real animal images is beyond the scope of this work. After training of the CNN and then testing the shapes of the lunar maria, the probabilities of the lunar pattern categorized to each animal are evaluated. It should be noted that the CNN does not learn the shape of the lunar pattern from the training of images. That is, the CNN recognizes the pattern of the lunar maria only by the shapes of the selected animals.