The CNNs are gaining more and more attention as they are successfully applied to many image processing and computer vision tasks, providing better performance than the non-CNN approaches. Face related tasks are not the exceptions, for example, the CNNs in~ _cite_ provide better face detection performance than the conventional methods such as Haar-like feature based face detector _cite_, local binary pattern (LBP) based method _cite_ and deformable part model based ones _cite_ . In the case of age/gender classification, the CNN estimators _cite_ give more accurate results than the method based on the bio-inspired features (BIF) _cite_, which is one of the best methods among the non-CNN approaches. Most of CNNs from low to high-level vision problems use the image (not the features) as the input, and they learn and extract the features from the training data without human intervention. In this paper, we show that feeding some effective hand-crafted features to the CNN, along with the input images, can enhance the performance of CNN at least in the case of some face related tasks that we focus on. In other words, enforcing the CNN to use the domain knowledge can increase the performance or can save the computations by reducing the depth. To be specific with the age/gender estimation problem, since the most important features are the angle and depth of the wrinkles in our faces, we believe that the bio-inspired multi-scale Gabor filter responses _cite_ are the right features for this problem. Hence, we propose a method to get the benefits of BIF, together with the features that are learned by the CNN with the input images. Precisely, we extract several Gabor filter responses and concatenate them with the input image, which forms a tensor input like a multi-channel image. The tensor input can be directly fed to the CNN, like we feed the multi-channel image to the CNN. In addition to this scheme, we let the first layer of the CNN to be a _inline_eq_ convolution such that a matrix is obtained at the first layer, which is actually a weighted sum of the input image and Gabor responses. This can also be considered a fusion of input image and filter bank responses, which looks like an image with enhanced trextures, and the fused image is fed to the CNN. Analysis of feature maps from some of convolution layers shows that the wrinkle features and face shapes are more enhanced in our CNN than the conventional one that uses only the pixel values as the input. As a result, the accuracy of age/gender estimation is much improved compared to the state-of-the-art image-domain CNNs _cite_ . Moreover, we test our approach on face detection and emotion recognition and also obtain some gains over the existing CNN based methods _cite_ . In other tasks where some of the hand-crafted features are apparently effective, we hope that feeding such features along with the image may bring better results.