Complex problem solving has been the focus of numerous studies in the field of neuroscience for over N years given the large number of high-level cognitive tasks that fall under its umbrella. To name a few, complex problem solving includes, strategy formation, coordination, sequencing of mental functions, and holding information on-line. These complex high-level cognitive sub-processes make revealing the inner workings of problem solving difficult. The Tower of London (TOL) task, designed by Tim Shallice in (N) _cite_, has been one of the standard tools in the literature to study complex problem solving. It consists of three bins having different capacities with colored balls placed in the bins; the aim is to rearrange the balls from their initial state to a predetermined goal state while moving one ball at a time and taking into consideration the limited capacity of each bin. TOL also has been used to investigate the effect of various clinical disorders on functions associated with the prefrontal cortex such as planning. It has been utilized to identify executive dysfunction in children and adolescents suffering from epilepsy and seizures _cite_ . It also has been used to analyze the cognitive activation patterns of individuals suffering from depression _cite_ . Additionally, it has been employed to examine cognitive impairment in patient's diagnosed with Parkinson disease _cite_ . In another study, TOL along with fMRI have been employed to study the differences in the neural basis of planning and executive function between first-episode schizophrenia patients and healthy subjects _cite_ . Besides clinical disorders, TOL has also been employed to study the effect of various parameters on complex problem solving performance in healthy subjects. The predictive power of working memory, inhibition, and fluid intelligence on TOL performance has been explored _cite_ . Also, the effect of physical activity and exercise, age, gender, and impairment in the executive function on planning and problem-solving ability and its underlying neural basis have all been studied _cite_ . TOL itself has many variations due to its large number of parameters such as goal hierarchy, demand for subgoal generation, number of solution paths, and the existence of suboptimal alternatives. Several studies have examined the effect of the aforementioned structural parameters along with numerous other non-structural parameters including instructions, experience, environment and problem-solving strategy on the performance of subjects when solving TOL puzzles, where performance is measured by pre-planning time and accuracy _cite_ . Despite the popularity of the TOL problem in the literature and the wide range of problems covered in these studies, relatively few researchers have explored the underlying network structures. In _cite_, the involvement of the parietal cortex, prefrontal cortex, basal ganglia and anterior cingulate in complex problem solving was reported. The activation patterns of the dorsolateral and rostrolateral subregions of the prefrontal cortex during planning has been examined _cite_ . The focus of another study has been the hemispheric differences in the pre-frontal cortex during planning and execution as well as the contribution of the superior parietal region to spatial working memory _cite_ . In addition, some work has been done to investigate the variance in the neural basis of planning between standard and expert subjects _cite_ . Other works have investigated the cognitive activation patterns during planning and execution subtasks _cite_ . Given this brief literature review, a holistic understanding of the active anatomical brain regions, their respective roles and their interactions during complex problem-solving is an important, yet lacking research study. Numerous studies have proposed various computational models in order to build brain networks from fMRI measurements, both during cognitive tasks or during resting state. These studies represent a shift in the literature towards brain decoding algorithms that are based on the connectivity patterns in the brain motivated by the findings that these patterns provide more information about cognitive tasks than the isolated behavior of individual voxel groups or anatomical regions _cite_ . Some of these studies focused on the pairwise relationships between voxels or brain regions. For example, Pearson correlation has been used in order to construct undirected functional connectivity graphs at different frequency resolutions in _cite_ . Also, pairwise correlations and mutual information have also been used in order build functional brain networks in various studies aiming to investigate the network differences between patients with Schizophrenia or Alzheimer’s disease and healthy subjects _cite_ . Partial correlation along with constrained linear regression was also used to generate brain networks in _cite_ . Other studies take advantage of the locality property of the brain by constructing local mesh networks around each brain region then representing the entire brain network as an ensemble of local meshes. In such studies, the Blood-Oxygenation Level Dependent (BOLD) response of each brain region is estimated as a linear combination of the responses of its closest neighboring regions. Levinson-Durbin recursion has been applied in several studies in order to estimate the edge weights of each local star mesh, where the nodes are the neighboring regions of the seed brain region _cite_ . Ridge regression has also been used to estimate edge weights while constructing local mesh networks across windows of time _cite_ . Other works suggested various methods to prune the constructed brain networks. In _cite_, researchers established resting-state brain networks as sparse constrained networks using both LN and LN regularization to introduce sparsity and control for across-subject variability. Another study used a two-step model to build functional brain networks, where at first a sparse multivariate autoregressive model was employed with penalized regression to estimate the brain networks. Then, false discovery rate (FDR) is used to prune low probability connections to present sparsity in the brain network _cite_ . After constructing brain networks, the statistical properties of the established networks are studied in order to obtain neuroscientific insights related to the experiment at hand. Several measures of centrality have been proposed that aim to identify potential hubs that are central to the flow of information in the network such as: node degree, node strength and node betweenness centrality. In addition, measures of functional segregation have been proposed that aim to detect subgroups or modules of densely interconnected anatomic regions such as: local efficiency, clustering coefficient and transitivity _cite_ . Furthermore, the node degree distribution of constructed brain networks has been measured and compared with power law and truncated power law distributions _cite_ . Also, the small-world property of brain networks has been studied extensively in numerous studies _cite_ . Some studies, such as _cite_, have further extended the literature by defining the null model for weighted undirected functional brain networks. Further work have focused on controlling for family-wise error (FWE) that complements false discovery rate (FDR) _cite_ . Several studies have compared the network properties of functional brain networks across different age groups _cite_ and under different developmental factors _cite_ . Other studies have performed similar analysis to compare the network properties of healthy individuals against those suffering from several diseases related to cognitive impairment (Alzheimer, epilepsy, Schizophrenia) _cite_ . In this study, we propose a dynamic functional brain network model, extracted from fMRI measurements using artificial neural networks. The decoding power of the suggested brain network model is examined by distinguishing the two phases of complex problem solving, namely, planning and execution. Then, the network properties of the dynamic brain networks are studied in order to identify the active anatomical regions during both planning and execution phases of complex problem solving. Potential hubs and clusters of densely connected brain regions are identified for both subtasks. Furthermore, the distinctions and similarities between 	planning and execution networks are highlighted. The results identify both active, inactive, hub regions as well as clusters of densely connected anatomical regions during complex problem task. In addition, results show that there are potential hubs during planning phase compared to execution phase, also the clusters of densely interconnected regions are significantly more strongly connected during planning compared to execution.