Diabetic Retinopathy (DR), one of the leading causes of blindness in humans, is a consequence of rupture of blood vessels in the eye and thereby leading to the discharge of blood and fluid to the surrounding tissues _cite_ . Structures such as microaneurysms, hemorrhages and hard exudates are closely associated with DR and the presence of each of aforementioned anomaly determines the grade of DR in the patient. Diabetic Macular Edema (DME) is a condition that could occur at any stage of DR and is characterized by the appearance of exudates close to the macula or retinal thickening \& thus affects the central vision of the patient _cite_ . The treatment administered to subjects with DR or DME is dependent on the grade of each anomaly and thus classifying the degree of severity of DR and DME is of utmost importance. \par For a variety of classification and pattern recognition based tasks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have outperformed the traditional machine learning approaches _cite_ . The superior performance of the CNNs comes at the cost of requiring millions of high quality labeled data for training the network. The presence of huge amount of labeled data in the domain of medical image analysis is extremely rare. In circumstances as stated above, a transfer learning based approach is utilized, wherein the model is first trained on a large dataset of natural images or digits and then fine-tuned for the task of choice using the limited dataset. \par The performance of CNNs are dependent on the architecture of the model and the connectivity pattern explored in the model. However, there exists no single architecture or connectivity which guarantees best or ideal performance. For the reason stated above, it is a common practice in deep learning to create an ensemble of classifiers with different architecture and connectivity patterns. This approach also helps in reducing the variance in the predictions made by the network. \par This manuscript explains our approach for the automatic grading of DR and DME from fundus images. For the task of DR grading, we make use of an ensemble of classifiers to differentiate between Normal and various variants of Non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy (NPDR) such as mild, moderate \& severe. Additionally, an expert ensemble of classifiers were used to differentiate between Severe NPDR and proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) . For the task of grading DME, we make use of a one versus rest (OVR) based technique so as to mitigate the data imbalance problem in the provided dataset.