Humans perform object recognition task based on not only the object appearance but also the knowledge acquired from daily lives or professions. Usually, this knowledge refers to a comprehensive visual concept organization including category labels and their attributes. It is extremely beneficial to fine-grained image classification as attributes are always key to distinguish different subordinate categories. For example, we might know from a book that a bird of category ``Bohemian Waxwing'' has a masked head with color black and white and wings with iridescent feathers. With this knowledge, to recognize the category ``Bohemian Waxwing'' given a bird image, we might first recall the knowledge, attend to the corresponding parts to see whether it possesses these attributes, and then perform reasoning. Figure _ref_ illustrates an example of how the professional knowledge aids fine-grained image recognition. Conventional approaches for fine-grained image classification usually neglect this knowledge and merely rely on low-level image cues for recognition. These approaches either employ part-based models _cite_ or resort to visual attention networks _cite_ to locate discriminative regions/parts to distinguish subtle differences among different subordinate categories. However, part-based models involve heavy annotations of object parts, preventing them from application to large-scale data, while visual attention networks can only locate the parts/regions roughly due to the lack of supervision or guidance. Recently, _cite_ utilize natural language descriptions to help search the informative regions and combine with vision stream for final prediction. This method also integrates high-level information, but it directly models image-language pairs and requires detailed language descriptions for each image (e.g., ten sentences for each image in _cite_) . Different from these methods, we organize knowledge about categories and part-based attributes in the form of knowledge graph and formulate a Knowledge-Embedded Representation Learning (KERL) framework to incorporate the knowledge graph into image feature learning to promote fine-grained image recognition. To this end, our proposed KERL framework contains two crucial components: i) a Gated Graph Neural Network (GGNN) _cite_ that propagates node message through the graph to generate knowledge representation and ii) a novel gated mechanism that integrates this representation with image feature learning to learn attribute-aware features. Concretely, we first construct a large-scale knowledge graph that relates category labels with part-level attributes as shown in Figure _ref_ . By initializing the graph node with information of a given image, our KERL framework might implicitly reason about the discriminative attributes for the image and associate these attributes with feature maps. In this way, our KERL framework can learn feature maps with a meaningful configuration that the highlighted regions finely associate with the relevant attributes in the graph. For example, the learned feature maps of samples from category ``Bohemian Waxwing" always highlight the regions of head and wings, because these regions relate to attributes ``head pattern: masked", ``head color: white \& black" and ``wing: iridescent" that are key to distinguish this category from others. This characteristic also provides insight into why the framework improves performance. The major contributions of this work are summarized to three-fold: N) This work formulates a novel Knowledge-Embedded Representation Learning framework that incorporates high-level knowledge graph as extra guidance for image representation learning. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to investigate this point. N) With the guidance of knowledge, our framework can learn attribute-aware feature maps with a meaningful and interpretable configuration that the highlighted regions are finely related to the relevant attributes in the graph, which can also explain performance improvement. N) We conduct extensive experiments on the widely used Caltech-UCSD bird dataset _cite_ and demonstrate the superiority of the proposed KERL framework over the leading fine-grained image classification methods.