acial landmark localization aims to automatically predict key point positions in facial image regions. This task is an essential component in many face-related applications, such as facial attribute analysis~ _cite_, face verification~ _cite_ and face recognition~ _cite_ . Although tremendous effort has been devoted to this topic, its performance is still far from perfect, particularly on facial regions with severe occlusions or extreme head poses. Most of the existing approaches for facial landmark localization have been developed for a controlled setting, e.g., the facial regions are detected in a preprocessing step. This setting has drawbacks when we work with images taken in the wild (e.g., cluttered surveillance scenes), where automated face detection is not always reliable. The objective of this work is to propose an effective and efficient facial landmark localization method that is capable of handling images taken in unconstrained settings and that contain multiple faces, extreme head poses and occlusions~ (see Figure~ _ref_) . Specifically, we keep the following issues in mind when developing our algorithm. In this paper, we formulate facial landmark localization as a pixel-labeling problem and develop a fully convolutional neural network (FCN) to overcome the aforementioned issues. The proposed approach produces facial landmark response maps directly from raw images without relying on any preprocessing or feature engineering. Two typical landmark response maps generated with our method are shown in Figure~ _ref_ . With the recent advances in deep learning techniques and large-scale annotated image datasets, such as ImageNet, deep convolutional neural network models have achieved significant progress in generic object detection~ _cite_, crowd analysis~ _cite_ and facial landmark localization~ _cite_ . Facial landmark localization is typically formulated as a regression problem. Among the existing methods that take this approach, the cascaded deep convolutional neural networks~ _cite_ have emerged as one of the leading methods because of their superior accuracy. Nevertheless, this three-level cascaded CNN framework is complicated and unwieldy. It is arduous to jointly handle the classification (i.e., whether a landmark exists) and localization problems for unconstrained settings. Long et al.~ _cite_ recently proposed an FCN for pixel labeling, which takes an input image with an arbitrary size and produces a dense label map in the same resolution. This approach shows convincing results for semantic image segmentation and is also very efficient since convolutions are shared among overlapping image patches. Notably, classification and localization can be simultaneously achieved with a dense label map. The success of this work inspires us to adopt an FCN in our task, i.e., pixelwise facial landmark prediction. Nevertheless, a specialized architecture is required because our task requires more accurate prediction than generic image labeling. Considering both computational efficiency and localization accuracy, we pose facial landmark localization as a cascaded filtering process. In particular, the locations of facial landmarks are first roughly detected in a global context, and then they are refined by observing local regions. To this end, we introduce a novel FCN architecture that naturally follows this coarse-to-fine pipeline. Specifically, our architecture contains one backbone network and several branches, with each branch corresponding to one landmark type. For computational efficiency, the backbone network is designed to be an FCN with lightweight filters, which takes a low-resolution image as its input and rapidly generates an initial multichannel heat map with each channel predicting the location of a specific landmark. We can obtain landmark proposals from each channel of the initial heat map. We then crop a region centered at every landmark proposal from both the original input image and the corresponding channel of the response map. These cropped regions are stacked together and fed to a branch network for a fine and accurate localization. Because fully connected layers are not used in either network, we call our architecture the cascaded backbone-branches fully convolutional network~ (BB-FCN) . Thanks to the tailor-designed architecture of the backbone network, which can reject most background regions and retain high-quality landmark proposals, our BB-FCN is also capable of accurately localizing the landmarks of various scale faces by rapidly scanning every level of the constructed image pyramid. Furthermore, we have also discovered that our landmark localization results can help generate fewer and higher-quality face proposals, thus enhancing the accuracy and efficiency of face detection. In summary, our contributions in this paper can be summarized as follows: The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ discusses related work and differentiates our method from such works. Section~ _ref_ introduces our proposed BB-FCN architecture. The experimental results and comparisons are presented in Section~ _ref_ . Finally, Section~ _ref_ concludes this paper.