During archaeological excavations, it is common to find fractured or damaged objects. The process to repair and conserve these objects is tedious and delicate, objects are often fragile and the time for manipulation must be short. With the recent progress in geometry processing and shape analysis, one can address the repair problem from a computational perspective. The process starts with a ND scanning of the object. Then, an algorithm analyzes the ND shape to guide the conservation process. Previous experience shows that unsupervised shape analysis to repair damaged objects give good approximations to conservators, and therefore reduce the workload and time of the processing _cite_ . The main problem is the prediction of missing geometry of damaged objects. Current methods assume that man-made objects exhibit some kind of structure and regularity _cite_ . The most common type of structure used is symmetry. If an algorithm can detect symmetries in the object, we can apply the symmetric transformation to create what is missing. Although this approach is a promising direction, there are still some drawbacks: N) If the object is too damaged, the symmetries cannot be recovered from the object itself. N) The computational time to search for symmetries is still high. Deep learning techniques have proved to be highly successful in processing ND voxelized inputs~ _cite_ and has also been recently used with generative adversarial networks (GANs) ~ _cite_ architectures~ _cite_ . We hypothesize that the aforementioned drawbacks can be addressed by a data-driven approach. It means we can learn the structure and regularity from a collection of complete known objects (in training time) and use them to complete and repair incomplete damaged objects (in testing time) . In this work we propose an object reconstruction generative adversarial network (ORGAN), for which we employ a ND convolutional neural network (CNN) with skip-connections, as a generator on a Conditional GAN (CGAN) ~ _cite_ architecture. With two optimization targets: a mean absolute error (MAE) and an Improved Wasserstein GAN (IWGAN) ~ _cite_ loss, the final model is encouraged to find solutions that resemble the structure of real objects. An example of a reconstructed object is shown in Figure~ _ref_ . The code for the project is publicly available on a GitHub repository~ .