Detection of logos in scene images and videos has a number of useful applications: commercial analysis of brands _cite_, vehicle-logo detection _cite_ for intelligent traffic-control systems and even Augmented Reality _cite_ . A logo is a unique symbol representing any brand or organization that expresses its functionality and distinguishes the brand and its products from others. A merchant can easily assess the presence of his brand in television, social media and e-commerce sites by searching for the company's unique logo. Detection and localization of logos is a crucial step in inspecting market trends, allowing companies to meet the customers' needs by optimizing existing marketing schemes. Automating logo detection will also allow merchants to detect copyright infringement cases by testing the originality of suspicious advertisements. \setlength Logo detection problem can be seen as a special case of object detection _cite_ in images. The appearance of a logo varies drastically in real-world images due to lighting effects, occlusions, rotations, shearing effects and scales. It is hard to detect different sizes of logos in a diverse contextual environment with uncontrolled illumination, low resolution, and high background clutter. In the recent years, logo detection has gained a lot of attention from the computer vision community _cite_ . Earlier works of logo detection rely on the bag-of-words approach _cite_ where SIFT features are quantized into a vocabulary of learned logo patterns in images. Boia \etal _cite_ used a novel approach based on homographic class graphs to perform both logo localization and recognition. Recently, significant improvement has been achieved by adopting deep-learning techniques in this field _cite_ . In the meantime, several object detection algorithms have been introduced, namely, R-CNN _cite_, Fast R-CNN _cite_ and Faster R-CNN _cite_ which have been successfully adapted for the logo detection problem _cite_, boosting object-recognition performances further. In addition, due to advent of deep learning, there have been significant progress in scene-text detection _cite_, scene text recognition _cite_, script identification _cite_ tasks etc; however, there are very limited recent deep-frameworks towards logo detection and recognition in spite of its complexity. Deep-learning based frameworks are largely data-driven, contrary to logo-datasets that have several image classes but few images. Since deployable logo detection models need to be robust to new unseen logos, the model should be designed to satisfy the incremental demands for logo classes, contrary to existing methods which are limited to a set of seen logos and are not scalable enough for practical deployment. With the current problem setup, it is impossible for models to work with the logo of any brand. To meet the need for a scalable solution, we re-design the problem statement as shown in Figure _ref_ . Given a query logo of a particular company or organization, the main objective would be to find out whether the logo of the same company or organization is present in a target image or not. If present, the model fetches its position within the given scene. Following this problem statement, we propose a one-shot learning based technique to design a framework that adapts to new logo classes in a data-efficient way. Recently, one-shot learning _cite_ has gained notable attention in learning new concepts from sparse data. One-shot image classification _cite_ and one-shot image segmentation _cite_ are some practical applications of it. Inspired by these works, we propose a one-shot query based logo detection framework that consists of two modules: the conditioning module and the segmentation module. The conditioning part takes a query logo image and obtains a latent representation which will be used as a conditional input to the segmentation branch. The segmentation network is a basic encoder-decoder architecture. In order to capture the multi-scale correlation between the query image and different regions of the target image, we concatenate the conditional latent representation with multiple layers of the encoder part (segmentation network), followed by _inline_eq_ convolution. The obtained representation is further combined with the respective layers of the decoder part in order to better guide the decoder part of segmentation network to generate binary segmentation mask, forming a skip-connection like architecture _cite_ . When the model detects high similarity between a query and some particular region of the target image, the network tries to produce high response at the corresponding portion of the segmentation map. To apply our model for a new logo-class, unlike the fine-tuning approach _cite_ which may require large number of training samples with corresponding ground truth data, our approach needs only one sample of the logo of a concerned company or organisation. This query logo sample can be obtained very easily from the official logo design image or just by cropping an appropriate logo portion from a scene logo image. In this paper, we make following novel contributions: