Automatic building extraction from high-resolution satellite imagery creates new opportunities for urban planning and world population monitoring. Traditionally, the building boundaries are delineated through manual labeling from digital images in the stereo view using the photogrammetric stereo plotters _cite_ . However, this process is a tedious task and requires qualified people and expensive equipment. For this reason, building extraction using the automatic techniques has a great potential and importance. The advantages of satellite imagery compared to aerial imagery are the almost worldwide availability and that the data typically contains wider spectral range, that includes both optical, infrared and extra channels. The geometric resolution of N-N m per pixel is worse than for aerial imagery, but is sufficient to be able to extract large objects, such as buildings. The worldwide availability of the data makes it possible to produce topographic databases for nearly any region of the earth. In the last years, different methods have been proposed to tackle the problem by creating convolutional neural networks (CNN) that can produce a segmentation map for an entire input image in a single forward pass. One of the most successful state-of-the-art deep learning method is based on the Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN) _cite_ . The main idea of this approach is to use CNN as a powerful feature extractor that creates high-level feature maps. Those maps are further upsampled to produce dense pixel-wise output. The method allows training CNN in the end to end manner for semantic segmentation with input images of arbitrary sizes. This method has been further improved with skipped connections and now known as U-Net neural network _cite_ . Skip connections allow combining low-level feature maps with higher-level ones, which enables precise pixel-level localization. A large number of feature channels in upsampling part allows propagating context information to higher resolution layers. This type of network architecture proved itself well in a satellite image analysis competitions. _cite_ . Another modification to the U-Net architecture that lead to a first place in the Carvana Image Masking Challenge _cite_ was to replace encoder by a first few convolution blocks of the VGGN network. This modification was called TernausNet _cite_ that we naturally extend in the current work (see also _cite_) . The semantic segmentation is not able to separate different instances because the predicted boundaries are usually not fine and closely packed objects of the same class collapse into one connected component. It may also happen that there is no distance between objects at all and even perfect network will predict different instances as being part of the same connected blob. In work, _cite_ authors propose a method that utilizes three stacked networks, the first one performs semantic segmentation, the second one predicts gradients of the distance transform, the last predicts energy levels that are used in the postprocessing step during the watershed transformation. Our method is similar in the spirit, but much more straightforward. In this work, we solve two different problems. First of all, we use all available multispectral information. Then, we need a way to modify the network, so that combination of its outputs allows to make segmentation on the instance level. To resolve the first problem, we suggest an extension of the TernausNet architecture _cite_ that replaces VGGN encoder with a more powerful ABN WideResnet-N _cite_ . We also extend the input RGB channels to N multispectral channels. So that, we are able to perform transfer learning from RGB to RGB + multispectral inputs. For the second issue, we use ideas that were developed in winning solutions for recent data science challenges _cite_ . To be specific and separate buildings in a predicted binary masks, we add additional output channel that predicts areas where objects are touched or close to each other. This output is used in a post-processing step and allows to partition the mask into separate instances.