Back-Projection (FBP) algorithm is extensively used for image reconstruction in the Computed Tomography (CT) . This algorithm implements in the N-D case a discretization of the inverse Radon transform. Despite the popularity of this method, its drawbacks are non-negligible: FBP fails to account for the numerous physical phenomena present in the data acquisition process (resulting in the well-known streak artifacts) and suffers from discretization errors. Moreover, it lacks the flexibility required to process partial input data, like in the case of projections truncated to a Region Of Interest (ROI), or in the case where projections are restricted to a limited angle range. Numerous techniques were developed to improve the performance of FBP. Many of them modify the filters, applied to the projection data. The basic problem with the standard Ram-Lak filter _cite_ is the high-frequency noise amplification. It is commonly treated by using an additional low-pass filter, which cut-off frequency is compatible with the expected bandwidth of the signal. Such an approach requires tuning the cut-off frequency and other parameters of the low-pass filter. The work reported in _cite_, for instance, is dedicated to tuning these parameters for lesion detectability. One important task in the clinical CT reconstruction is to recover the CT image in a Region Of Interest in the patient's body using low-exposure scan. To that end, there exist techniques which require projections data only in the neighborhood of the ROI, in addition to a small number of full projections. These techniques employ an FBP modified to compute wavelet coefficients of the sinogram or the sought image by applying wavelet ramp filters _cite_ . This allows to recover the high spatial frequencies in the ROI from local data. The low frequencies require full projections; however, since they demand much smaller angular sampling rate, a local reconstruction can be done with much less X-ray exposure. There are, however, no proposed modifications of FBP that undertake the ROI reconstruction in the setup where only projections in the neighborhood of the ROI are measured. Such algorithm would allow further reduction in X-ray dosage, reduce scan duration and dismiss the necessity for the registration of the projection data. To improve the reconstruction quality and overcome the above drawbacks, statistically-based iterative algorithms were developed. They use an elaborate model for the CT scan measurements, including sources of noise and partial projections data. We refer to _cite_ for a detailed example of such an algorithm and to _cite_ for a broad overview of iterative methods. Unfortunately, high computational cost of these algorithms restricts their use in clinical CT scanners. Superiority of the statistically-based methods stems from the fact the image is reconstructed in a non-linear, locally-adaptive manner, relying only on the available projections data. For instance, with the method described in _cite_ the reconstruction is performed via optimization of a Penalized Weighted Least Squares (PWLS), with a penalty promoting local smoothness in the image domain in an edge-preserving manner. Such behavior can not be achieved with a linear, spatially-invariant algorithm like FBP. Therefore, an algorithm combining the advantages of both approaches is desired: a direct (and, therefore, fast) processing of the available data, on one hand, with a non-linear, locally-adaptive nature on the other hand. One such algorithm is developed in _cite_ . The proposed algorithm uses a powerful filtering technique, involving a training procedure. It employs an exemplar-based classification of the sinogram data patches, combined with training of local N-D projection filters, which results in a non-linear overall filtering procedure. In this work we propose a non-linear, locally-adaptive reconstruction scheme, based on example-based statistical learning of its components. The scheme consists of two stages: first, a sequence of linear FBP-like transforms are applied to the available projections data, resulting in a number of preliminary image estimates. Then, a local non-linear fusion of these estimates is performed to produce the final image. In the setup of an entire image reconstruction from a full-scan, the linear estimates are obtained with the FBP algorithm with a varying cut-off frequency of the projections filter. A more important goal is to reconstruct an ROI from truncated projections. Since FBP does not perform well in the absence of global projections, we have developed a more flexible linear reconstruction scheme called AFBP _cite_ . It generalizes the FBP and employs more powerful filters in the sinogram and image domains. The convolution kernels for these filters are derived via statistical training which accounts for missing data and the desired reconstruction properties. In the proposed algorithm, a set of linear estimates of the ROI image are computed by a number of AFBP versions only from projections through a disk containing the ROI, which radius is _inline_eq_ of the ROI radius. Then the ROI is recovered by a neural network from these preliminary reconstructions by a non-linear, learned fusion rule. While the computational cost of this procedure is only about ten times the cost of the FBP algorithm, two main features distinguish the proposed method from any spatially-invariant reconstruction transform. First, the components of our scheme are designed to work with partial data (truncated projections) . Second, the reconstruction is locally adaptive in the image domain, which allows to reduce the noise present in linear estimates and to preserve edges and texture in a better way. The proposed method is labeled as SPADES (SPatially ADaptive EStimator) . This paper extends our work presented earlier in conference publications _cite_ . Most of the presented material is new, except for the description of the linear AFBP scheme. The SPADES algorithm, which is also briefly presented in _cite_, has been revised and improved. The paper begins with Section _ref_, containing preliminaries and notation. For a theoretical motivation of SPADES we present the locally-adaptive denoising algorithm of Lepski, Goldenschluger and Nemirovsky _cite_ and extend it to CT reconstruction setup (Section _ref_) . Then SPADES is described and demonstrated in Section _ref_ . The AFBP scheme is introduced in Section _ref_ . Then, the SPADES is extended to ROI setup in Section _ref_ . Discussion follows in Section _ref_ .