inspection is an issue in many manufacturing industries. This is particular the case where the visual quality impression of a product has a strong influence on the decision whether a product is purchased or not. In these cases, it is common practice to inspect every fabricated part for visible defects, either manually or automatically. Manual inspection suffers from being a monotonous task, which typically leads to overlooked errors and subjective assessments. For these and other reasons, the industry's ambitions are high to automate any type of surface inspection. One particular challenge in automated surface inspection is the distinction of permitted structures from defects on patterned or textured surfaces. Another challenge are components which show slight but permitted sample-to-sample appearance variations. This fingerprint-like behavior means that reference samples ("golden samples") cannot be used directly to filter out the permitted appearances. Surface inspection can be linked to the field of anomaly and novelty detection, which is the detection of patterns that deviate from the expected behavior or the detection of unseen patterns _cite_ . In those cases, a model is built from normal (fault-free) samples only. Anomalous (faulty) patterns are then detected by monitoring the anomaly score. Nowadays, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the predominant choice for many image related tasks in machine learning. Although they are typically trained in a supervised manner in tasks such as classification, object detection and segmentation, they can also be used for unsupervised tasks such as dimensionality reduction, unsupervised clustering _cite_ and image generation tasks such as the generation of completely novel images _cite_ or image completion _cite_ . In this paper, a deep convolutional neural network is used for patch-wise completion of surface images with the aim to detect aesthetic surface defects. Since the network is trained exclusively on normal data, it can be used to compute fault-free clones of the completed region. By subtracting the corresponding query region, a pixel-wise anomaly score is obtained, which is then used to detect defects (see Fig. _ref_) . Image completion tasks typically have the aim to complete missing regions of an image in the most natural looking way. Besides being semantically meaningful, the inpaint must also look as authentic as possible. For this reason, feed-forward inpainting DCNNs are often trained jointly with an adversarial network, which was first done by Yu et al. in N _cite_ . The adversarial network has the objective to discriminate between fake and real images. In contrast, the generative model must increase the error rate of the adversarial network by generating realistic images. Although this additional adversarial loss indeed causes inpaints to look more realistic, it has no positive effect on pixel-wise matching the missing part of the image. Training with the joint loss function even increases the pixel-wise reconstruction error, which is undesirable behavior for anomaly detection. For this reason, in this paper the feed-forward generative DCNN is trained with reconstruction loss only. The reconstructed fault-free surface images of the case study are matched so closely that they are hardly distinguishable from the query images. It is shown that the detection of well recognizable defects on patterned surfaces is possible with this approach.