Inhibition of return (IOR) commonly refers to an extended period (about N s, e.g., _cite_) of slowed responding toward and/or at the location of a spatially irrelevant visual signal soon after its onset _cite_ (see _cite_, for review) . The phenomenon has been extensively studied in the spatial cueing paradigm _cite_ . In this paradigm, the interval between two visual onset signals is often manipulated. Conventionally, the first and second signals are referred to as the ``cue" and ``target", respectively, and the interval between them is called the cue-target onset asynchrony (CTOA) . IOR is robust at CTOAs greater than N ms but can also be detected as early as N ms post-cue onset _cite_ . IOR plays an important role in visual search by biasing responding against previously inspected regions in space _cite_ and may have evolved to optimize foraging behaviors _cite_ . The relative contribution of cortical and subcortical oculomotor processing mechanisms to IOR have been the subject of intense debate and controversy. IOR exists primarily in spatiotopic or environmental coordinates when dissociated from retinotopic reference frames _cite_, an important property of IOR if it is to function effectively as a foraging facilitator _cite_ . The contribution of cortical processes, in particular the posterior parietal lobes, to spatiotopic IOR are well-established _cite_ and appear necessary given that low-level oculomotor circuitry is retinotopically-organized. Tipper and colleagues _cite_ provided the seminal demonstration that IOR could also exist in object-based coordinates in addition to having demonstrated the contribution of cortical processes to object-based IOR _cite_ (cf. _cite_, for evidence that the parietal lobe plays a role in object-based IOR) . Work from Sumner and colleagues _cite_ has revealed that IOR can still be generated to stimuli which initially bypass the superior colliculus (SC), but only in manual and not oculomotor response conditions (see also _cite_, for non-collicular origins of IOR) . On the other hand, a variety of studies have provided strong evidence for the central role of the SC in generating IOR _cite_ . Simply, even in tasks requiring only manual responding, IOR is abolished in patients with SC lesions or degenerative conditions disrupting normal reflexive oculomotor functioning. Moreover, evidence for IOR has been observed in the archerfish, in which cortical processes are markedly underdeveloped _cite_ . Converging evidence for the role of low-level oculomotor processes comes from single unit recording studies of the primate SC (cf. _cite_) . These studies have identified the intermediate layers of the superior colliculus (iSC) as a probable locus for at least some of the underlying mechanisms of IOR _cite_ . Dorris et al. _cite_ examined monkeys trained on a simple IOR task by recording from visual and visuomotor neurons residing in the superficial layers of the SC (sSC) and the iSC, respectively, while the task was performed. These researchers found that there was a reduction in target-elicited activativation at the cued location that was correlated with behaviorally measured saccadic reaction times (SRTs) . In another experiment, instead of probing an oculomotor response with a visual target, on N \% of the trials Dorris et al. evoked an oculomotor response by delivering a train of microstimulation directly to visuomotor neurons. At the N ms CTOA, electrically stimulated oculomotor responses were faster to cued as compared to uncued locations whereas no statistical effect was observed at the N ms CTOA. These findings suggested that the reduction in activity arises from upstream sensory afferents. However, their monkeys neither exhibited IOR at long CTOAs when oculomotor responses were electrically-evoked (as noted) nor when made to visual stimulation. As such, it is still possible that local inhibition in the SC arises at later times after cue onset. There are a variety of hypothesized models of IOR but here we focus on two computationally explicit theories. The early sensory adaptation or short-term depression (STD) theory and the local inhibition or direct suppression (DS) theory of IOR. STD theory, as presented by Satel, Wang, Trappenberg, and Klein _cite_, implements IOR as the result of input attenuation of target-elicited early sensory input signals to iSC. There is strong evidence that STD is a component of early IOR in monkeys from single unit recordings of the iSC during traditional cue-target tasks _cite_ . The previously mentioned reduction in activity in the iSC at cued locations is correlated with SRTs, and can also be observed in the sSC which only receives input from early sensory areas. Thus, the STD theory of IOR predicts that target-elicited visual inputs to the iSC will be reduced in magnitude for some period when presented at a previously cued location, as a function of the time since previous stimulation. However, one notable shortcoming of the STD model is its inability to account for IOR when the stimulus commanding an oculomotor response does not occur at a previously stimulated location _cite_ . Furthermore, it is unclear whether STD could operate in spatiotopic coordinates-a fundamental property of IOR. STD reduces the magnitude of neural responses to stimuli at previously stimulated locations. This reduction in input strength in turn increases the time required for the targeted iSC neuron to reach a firing rate sufficient to initiate a saccade. Yet, as noted, even when an oculomotor response is generated by left-or right-ward pointing arrows on the fovea, oculomotor responding toward the cued location is delayed. Since STD is not active with arrow stimuli, but IOR is still displayed, some other mechanism must be responsible for the increased buildup time required to generate a saccade to location targeted by a central arrow. The local inhibition or direct suppression (DS) theory explains IOR in terms of a delayed inhibitory signal centered on a previously stimulated area, reducing the baseline activation level and thus increasing SRTs. As demonstrated by Dorris et al. _cite_, such an inhibitory signal is not present in association with IOR in the iSC up to N ms post-cue. At longer CTOAs, as aforementioned, the monkeys did not exhibit IOR as measured by oculomotor responses to visual stimulation nor was there any evidence for direct inhibition as revealed by microstimulation. Whereas Dorris et al. _cite_ failed to observe behavioral evidence for IOR at late CTOAs, behavioral investigations on humans reliably demonstrate IOR at late CTOAs and that its magnitude is similar whether the cue and response signal occur at the same location in space or whether the oculomotor response is commanded by input at fixation _cite_ . Such findings suggest that, at least in humans, a direct inhibitory signal may arrive at the iSC but perhaps later than N ms post-cue _cite_ . The DS theory alone is unable to explain IOR measured at short CTOAs, but a hybrid STD plus DS theory, predicts behavior well at all CTOAs-with both peripheral onset and central arrow stimuli-forming an effective theoretical framework for understanding many of the behavioral results in the IOR literature (cf _cite_, for similar considerations regarding keypress-measured inhibitory cueing effects) . IOR is an effect that often operates on much longer time scales than those explored in the previously mentioned work supporting STD theory, and recent experimental work by Hilchey and colleagues suggests a secondary effect arising somewhere between N and N ms is responsible for the longer duration effects of IOR _cite_ . Hilchey et al. performed the experiment illustrated in Fig. N, where the time course of the effects of a transient peripheral cue were measured by way of oculomotor responses toward the cued or uncued location as commanded by either peripheral onset or central arrows signals. This work demonstrated that IOR as revealed by central arrow signals arises somewhere between N and N ms post-cue. Furthermore, at the longest CTOA tested (N ms), the magnitude of the IOR effects were statistically indistinguishable when measured with peripheral and central signals, inviting the possibility that a common neural mechanism underlies the IOR effects at long CTOAs. We hypothesize that direct local inhibition of the iSC, beginning approximately N ms after its appearance, is responsible for this effect. Mathematically explicit computational models are a valuable tool for generating experimentally verifiable predictions from these theories and exploring their dynamics. The dynamic neural field (DNF) model _cite_ has proven effective at modeling the dynamics of the iSC as they relate to saccade generation in a variety of paradigms _cite_ . DNF models have also proven valuable in modeling IOR as understood with STD theory _cite_ . Incorporating the dynamics of a DS theory of IOR with the previously implemented STD model of IOR should generate results that match those found by previous investigations using central arrow as well as peripheral targets _cite_, while also maintaining the ability to generate previous results. Here, we will use a one dimensional DNF model of the iSC to compare the simulated results of these theories of IOR. First, we will simulate the projected results of the original STD theory advocated by Satel et al. _cite_ by examining the effects of peripheral cues on subsequent oculomotor responses to either peripheral onset or central arrow signals in the DNF. Second, we will test the hybrid DS theory of IOR by introducing an inhibitory signal, centered on cued locations, N ms after cue onset.