The human brain is a complex system of interconnected and specialized structures, the functioning of which is associated with the numerous ongoing biophysical and biochemical processes. These processes differ in healthy people and in patients with various pathologies. Nowadays, the normal and pathological processes related to the brain structure and functioning could be recognized by analyzing the results of medical examination with the use of in-vivo scanning devices. In clinical practice, neuroimaging data of each patient is considered individually, either visually by doctor/neuroradiologist or by analyzing the clinically meaningful features (cortical volumes, thicknesses, etc.) . Nowadays, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) and Intelligent data analysis techniques are used in medical research for diagnostic biomarkers discovery and the treatment outcomes prediction with the use of neuroimaging data collected for the targeted groups of patients or healthy volunteers _cite_ . In this article we confine ourselves to the problems of diagnostic pattern recognition/classification from neuroimaging data. The features (called biomarkers), which distinguish different groups of examined subjects, are extracted from neuroimaging data and further used in clinical practice for the diagnostic purposes. Biomarkers (characteristics which are objectively measured and evaluated as an indicator of normal biologic processes, pathogenic processes, or pharmacologic responses to a therapeutic intervention) are key components of modern medicine _cite_ . There is an ever-growing number of ML studies for detecting new clinically meaningful biomarkers from large neuroimaging datasets _cite_ . Important key feature of neuroimaging data is its high dimensionality. For example, MRI signals for usual human brain with a volume of approximately _inline_eq_ cubic millimeters are represented by a ND array with a total dimensionality of the order of _inline_eq_, and fMRI images are represented by ND-array of ND images of lower resolution (about _inline_eq_ voxels) with a total dimensionality of the order of _inline_eq_ . Thus, the curse of dimensionality phenomenon is often an obstacle for using ML techniques. To avoid this phenomenon, various universal dimensionality reduction methods _cite_ and/or specific neuroimaging-oriented feature selection methods _cite_ are used for extracting low-dimensional features from high-dimensional neuroimaging data. After that, ML algorithms are applied to these features. Such clinically meaningful features can be computed by brain image processing toolboxes _cite_ . As a result of ML application we obtain not only a classifier to support medical diagnosis, but also after posterior analysis of the classifier properties we identify features, which have biomedical interpretation and can be used for medical conclusions. Therefore, ML-based neuroimaging data processing for medical diagnostics is a multistage iterative process, which uses various ML feature selection, extraction and classification algorithms, as well as domain-specific knowledge. In this paper we propose a common data analysis pipeline for neuroimaging-based diagnostic classification problems using various ML algorithms and brain imaging toolboxes. The proposed pipeline consists of several stages, each of these stages can be executed several times in an iterative mode. Each stage, in turn, contains a number of different algorithms which can be split into levels, and each level consists of algorithms solving the same ML problem but based on different mathematical approaches. A composite algorithm, which performs (sequentially or in an iterative way) a data processing task using a particular set of algorithms from various stages and levels is called an algorithmic chain. We illustrate the pipeline application by discovering new biomarkers for diagnostic of epilepsy and depression based on clinical and MRI/fMRI data for patients and healthy volunteers. This study was performed in collaboration with physicians from Russian Scientific and practical psycho-neurological center named after Z.P. Solovyov (NPCPN http: //npcpn.ru/) (Skoltech biomedical partner), which provided medical data and biomedical expertise. The paper is organized as follows. Section _ref_ briefly describes main properties of processed MRI/fMRI data and provides some details of the medical diagnostic tasks; solutions of these tasks are considered later as examples. Section _ref_ describes the main structure of the proposed pipeline (stages and levels of each stage) and specifies tasks solved at various levels. Section _ref_ describes the first preprocessing stage in which various data cleaning procedures, neuroimaging toolboxes and dimensionality reduction procedures are used to obtain domain-specific features, which are used as inputs for further Exploratory ML/data analysis step. At this step, described in Section _ref_, various ML/data analysis techniques _cite_ are applied to the neuroimaging data or features extracted from it to select important features providing high classification accuracy. In Section _ref_ conclusions are provided.