High resolution MR images can provide rich structural information about bodily organs which is critical in analyzing a given medical condition. Often, the quality of these images is restricted by factors like imaging hardware, sensor noise, cost and time constraints. In such scenarios, the spatial resolution of these images can be enhanced by a well-designed mathematical algorithm. Simple and fast interpolation methods like bilinear, bicubic _cite_ have been widely used for increasing the size of low resolution (LR) medical images. In many cases, these methods are known to introduce blurring, blocking artifacts, ringing and are thus unable to recover sharp details of an image. To alleviate this problem, an alternative approach known as super-resolution (SR) was introduced in _cite_ . Current literature on SR can be classified into two categories: multi-image SR and single-image SR. In multi-image SR _cite_, a HR image is generated by exploiting the information from multiple LR images which are acquired from the same scene with a slightly shifted field of view. However, these methods are likely to fail if an adequate amount of LR images from the same scene are not available. As an alternative approach, single image SR was introduced wherein multiple LR images from the same scene are not required to obtain a HR image. In this approach, a mapping between LR and HR images is learned by constructing examples from a given database _cite_ . Recently, deep learning methods have been shown to produce compelling state of the art results _cite_ for image SR. Invariably though, the training burden of deep networks, i.e. the number of example LR and HR images (or patches), is quite significant. In some medical diagnosis problems, generous LR and HR pairs is not a problem but there are compelling real-world problems such as enhancing NT MR to NT MR images _cite_, where the paucity of training has been recognized. There has been encouraging recent application of deep networks for MR image SR _cite_ but the methods remain training intensive. An outstanding open challenge for deep MR image superresolution is the development of methods that exhibit a graceful degradation with respect to (w.r.t.) the number of training LR and HR image pairs. Motivation and Contributions: Our approach to improve deep MR image superresolution, even in the face of limited training is via the exploitation of suitable prior information pertinent to MR images. In _cite_, a model based SR approach is presented that uses low-rank (approximated by nuclear norm) and total variation regularizers. The authors in _cite_ validate that MR images from various parts of the body can be reconstructed with a peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) of close to _inline_eq_ db by retaining only half of the singular values obtained by a singular value decomposition (SVD) of the image matrix. Despite this promise, using a rank or even its nuclear norm relaxation in a deep network for SR presents a stiff analytical challenge since neither is a differentiable function of the image matrix (and hence the network parameters) . Our contribution includes incorporating a suitable approximation to the rank, which is smooth, differentiable and amenable for learning in a deep CNN framework. Additionally, recognizing the need for sharp well formed edges in diagnosis, we propose a sharpness prior realized via a variance of the laplacian measure which adds to the network structure at the output as a fixed (non-optimizable) feedback layer. We use a CNN for super-resolution (SRCNN) as described in _cite_ as our base network. Our SR method is then called deep network with structural priors (DNSP) . \sqz