Radiology reports are an important means of communication between radiologists and other physicians _cite_ . These reports express a radiologist's interpretation of a medical imaging examination and are critical in establishing a diagnosis and formulating a treatment plan. Radiology is among the medical specialties with the highest rate of malpractice claims _cite_ . These claims can arise from a failure to communicate important findings, a failure of perception, lack of knowledge, and misjudgment. A failure to detect an abnormality on a medical imaging examination can lead to significant medical consequences for patients such as a delayed diagnosis. With a delayed or incorrect diagnosis, patients can present later with worsened symptoms and more advanced disease that may require more aggressive treatment or may be untreatable. In this paper, we propose an auditing system for radiologists that has two main components: a natural language processing (NLP) model to process and interpret a radiology report and a machine vision model that interprets the medical imaging examination. This auditing system reviews the radiologist's report and compares it with the interpretation of a machine vision model. The proposed system would notify the radiologist if there is a discrepancy between the two interpretations. Many investigators have aimed to develop machine vision models for the interpretation of medical imaging examinations, such as chest radiographs _cite_, mammograms _cite_, and head computerized tomography (CT) scans _cite_ . However, fewer attempts have been made for the NLP of radiology reports _cite_ . The focus of this paper is on the design and performance evaluation of the NLP component. We propose a bi-directional convolutional neural network (Bi-CNN) for the NLP of radiology reports. The Bi-CNN will be trained independently for two distinct report data types: breast mammograms and chest radiographs. In particular, this model will classify the degree of breast density and the type of chest pathology based on the radiology report content. Our proposed NLP model differs from a keyword search algorithm. It is capable of interpreting and classifying a radiology report. The proposed Bi-CNN has two independent input channels, where the order of non-padded input to one channel is the reverse of the non-padded input to the other channel. Performance of the proposed model is compared with a single channel convolutional neural network (CNN), random forest (RF), and support vector machine (SVM) models and a comparative study is conducted.