In recent years, increasingly in-depth studies have led to significant developments in the field of handwritten text recognition. Various methods have been proposed by the research community, including integrated segmentation-recognition methods _cite_, hidden Markov models (HMMs) and their hybrid variants _cite_, segmentation-free methods _cite_ with long short-term memory (LSTM) and multi-dimensional long short-term memory (MDLSTM), and integrated convolutional neural network (CNN)-LSTM methods _cite_ . In this paper, we investigate the most recently developed methods for online handwritten Chinese text recognition (OHCTR), which is an interesting research topic presenting the following challenges: a large character set, ambiguous segmentation, and variable-length input sequences. Segmentation is the fundamental component of handwritten text recognition, and it has attracted the attention of numerous researchers _cite_ . Among the above-mentioned methods, over-segmentation _cite_, i.e., an integrated segmentation-recognition method, is the most efficient method and still plays a crucial role in OHCTR. The basic concept underlying over-segmentation is to slice the input string into sequential character segments whose candidate classes can be used to construct the segmentation-recognition lattice _cite_ . Based on the lattice, path evaluation, which integrates the recognition scores, geometry information, and semantic context, is conducted to search for the optimal path and generate the recognition result. In practice, segmentation inevitably leads to mis-segmentation, which is barely rectifiable through post-processing and thus degrades the overall performance. Segmentation-free methods are flexible alternative methods that completely avoid the segmentation procedure. HMMs and their hybrid variants _cite_ have been widely used in handwritten text recognition. In general, the input string is converted into slices by sliding windows, followed by feature extraction and frame-wise prediction using an HMM. Finally, the Viterbi algorithm is applied to search for the best character string with maximum a posteriori probability. However, HMMs are limited not only by the assumption that their observation depends only on the current state but also by their generative nature that generally leads to poor performance in labeling and classification tasks, as compared to discriminative models. Even though hybrid models that combine HMMs with other network architectures, including recurrent neural networks _cite_ and multilayer perceptrons _cite_, have been proposed to alleviate the above-mentioned limitations by introducing context into HMMs, they still suffer from the drawbacks of HMMs. The recent development of recurrent neural networks, especially LSTM _cite_ and MDLSTM _cite_, has provided a revolutionary segmentation-free perspective to the problem of handwritten text recognition. In general, LSTM is directly fed with a point-wise feature vector that consists of the _inline_eq_-coordinate and relative features, while it recurrently updates its hidden state and generates per-frame predictions for each time step. Then, it applies connectionist temporal classification (CTC) to perform transcription. It is worth noting that LSTM and MDLSTM have been successively applied to handwritten text recognition in Western languages, where the character set is relatively small (e.g., for English, there are only N classes; therefore it is easy to train the network) . However, to the best of our knowledge, very few studies have attempted to address the problem of large-scale (where, e.g., the text lines may be represented by more than N, N basic classes of characters and sum up to more than N million character samples) handwritten text recognition problems such as OHCTR. Architectures that integrate CNN and LSTM exhibit excellent performance in terms of visual recognition and description _cite_, scene text recognition _cite_, and handwritten text recognition _cite_ . In text recognition problems, deep CNNs generate highly abstract feature sequences from input sequential data. LSTM is fed with such feature sequences and generates corresponding character strings. Jointly training LSTM with CNN is straightforward and can improve the overall performance significantly. However, in the above-mentioned methods, the CNNs, specifically fully convolutional networks (FCNs), process the input string with only a fixed-size respective field in a sliding window manner, which we claim is inflexible for unconstrained written characters in OHCTR. In this paper, we propose a novel solution (see Fig.~ _ref_) that integrates path signature, a multi-spatial-context fully convolutional recurrent network (MC-FCRN), and an implicit language model to address the problem of unconstrained online handwritten text recognition. Path signature, a recent development in the field of the rough path theory _cite_, is a promising approach for translating variable-length pen-tip trajectories into offline signature feature maps in our system, because it effectively preserves the online information that characterizes the analytic and geometric properties of the path. Encouraged by recent advances in deep CNNs and LSTMs, we propose the MC-FCRN for robust recognition of signature feature maps. MC-FCRN leverages the multiple spatial contexts that correspond to multiple receptive fields in each time step to achieve strong robustness and high accuracy. Furthermore, we propose an implicit language model, which incorporate semantic context within the entire predicting feature sequence from both forward and reverse directions, to enhance the prediction for each time step. The contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section~ _ref_ reviews the related studies. Section~ _ref_ formally introduces path signature and explains the sliding window-based method. Section~ _ref_ details the network architecture of FCRN and its extended version, namely MC-FCRN. Section~ _ref_ describes the proposed implicit language model and discusses the corresponding training strategy. Section~ _ref_ presents the experimental results. Finally, Section~ _ref_ concludes the paper.