The classification work on plants is as old as humankind. Ancient civilizations such as Assyrians, Egyptians, Chinese and Indians were interested in identification of plant species, especially for medical purposes. When Theophrastus of Eresus completed his work Historia Plantarum, he opened the doors leading to modern plant taxonomy. Through ages, scientific discoveries have shaped the means of plant classification, and the works on creation of machine intelligence revealed a new question: is it possible to develop an effective computer-based plant classifier? Earlier studies focused on finding the most appropriate features of leaf images using image processing. They trained classifiers with hand-crafted feature vectors for tree classification. However, the emerging success of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in classification tasks caused a shift of interest towards methods of tree identification. Pure CNN approaches are proved to be powerful against classifiers trained only with hand-crafted features. Furthermore, recent experiments have shown that combining CNNs with hand-crafted features generally improves performance with respect to both used in isolation~ _cite_ . In this work, we describe a visual recognition system for leaf based tree identification. The system, called, helps users identify trees from an image of a given leaf. In Treelogy, images first pass through a pre-processing step in which background elimination and stem removal operations are applied. Then, hand-crafted features are extracted from pre-processed images using image processing techniques. Moreover, deep representations of images are learned using a CNN. Finally, deep representations are combined with hand-crafted leaf features to classify _inline_eq_ tree species shown in Figure~ _ref_ . The overall workflow of our approach is illustrated in Figure~ _ref_ . This paper presents three contributions. First, we propose an effective tree classification system which is capable of accurately discriminating between _inline_eq_ tree species, a number which is beyond the number of classes used in most of the earlier studies. Second, we share a leaf image dataset comprised of thousands of images which is put into public domain for facilitating research in this direction. The dataset consists of both new images taken by the authors and existing images gathered from various other public databases. This dataset is already preprocessed so that future algorithms may directly focus on classification, rather than starting with preprocessing tasks such as background elimination and stem removal. Finally, we implement our algorithm within an Android based smart-phone application, which can be readily downloaded and used by ecologists, amateur botanists, educators, children, and nature enthusiasts in general.