Estimating the volume of abnormalities is useful for evaluating disease progression and identifying patients at risk _cite_ . For example, emphysema extent is useful for monitoring COPD _cite_ and predicting lung cancer _cite_ . One common approach to automating the volume estimation is to segment the target abnormalities and subsequently measure their volume. This requires expensive manual annotations, often making it infeasible to train and validate on large datasets. Another approach is to directly regress the volume estimate (or, equivalently, a proportion of the abnormal voxels in an image) . This only needs relatively cheap weak labels (e.g. image-level visual scoring) . In this paper, we explore the weakly-labeled approach and consider it a learning from label proportions (LLP) problem _cite_ . LLP is similar to multiple instance learning (MIL) in that training samples are labeled group-wise. However, in MIL the label only signifies the presence of positive samples, whereas in LLP it is a proportion of positive samples in a group (i.e. a ``bag'') . We propose a deep LLP approach for emphysema quantification that leverages proportion labels by incorporating prior knowledge on the nature of these labels. We consider a case where emphysema is graded region-wise using a common visual scoring system _cite_, in which grades correspond to intervals of the proportion of region tissue affected by emphysema. Our method consists of a custom loss for learning from intervals and an architecture specialized for LLP. This architecture has a hidden layer that segments emphysema, followed by a layer that computes its proportion in the input region. Our architecture is similar to architectures proposed for MIL _cite_ . These methods, however, use different pooling methods and loss functions. Very few neural-network based methods specialized for LLP were proposed _cite_ . _cite_ learns to classify particles in high-energy physics from label proportions using a fully-connected network with one hidden layer. _cite_ applies LLP to ice-water classification in natural images. This method, however, is not end-to-end: it optimizes pixel labels and network parameters in an alternating fashion. In the case of image labeling, LLP can also be addressed more simply by using a CNN (e.g., _cite_) together with a regression loss (e.g., root mean square or RMS) . Our methodological contribution is that we propose the first (to our knowledge) end-to-end deep learning based LLP method for image labeling. We compare the proposed interval loss to RMS and our architecture to a conventional CNN (similar to _cite_) . We perform the latter comparison in the MIL setting (when only emphysema presence labels are used for training) and in the LLP setting. Our application-wise contributions are three-fold. Firstly, we substantially outperform previous works _cite_ in emphysema presence and extent prediction. Secondly, we achieve near-human performance level in these tasks. Thirdly, despite being trained only using emphysema proportions, our method generates emphysema segmentations that can be used to classify the spatial distribution of emphysema (paraseptal or centrilobular) at human level.