Vascular diseases are a major cause of death worldwide, according to the World Health Organization, N million people suffer stroke worldwide each year. Moreover, the cerebrovascular system is a complex network of arteries and veins that supply the brain cells with vitally important nutrients and oxygen. In addition, the inter-individual differences of the cerebral arteries at a finer level are still not sufficiently understood _cite_ . The most popular imaging technique to address this task is the Magnetic Resonance Angiography (MRA), that consists in an MRI that takes into account the blood flow in the brain vessels when measuring, that are several methods for that, for example: Time-of-flight (TOF), phase contrast (PC) and fresh blood imaging (FBI) . In this work, we used time-of-flight MRA. One of the difficulties of the MRA data is their sparseness, meaning that they have less than N per cent of voxels that belong to the network. Moreover, there are some irrelevant signals, like artifacts and noise. As discussed above, some anatomical properties, like the geometry and topology, differ a lot between patients, specially in pathological cases. Therefore, segmentation techniques are really important for helping clinicians and radiologists to interpret those images. In this work, the goal is to use deep learning approaches in order to learn a good representation of the cerebrovascular network and, therefore, segment the images as an expert would do. In the biomedical imaging domain, these techniques have been used for classification of previously identified parts in more classes, anatomical object localization in space or time (such as organs or landmarks), image generation, image enhancement, and even combining image data with text reports. Nevertheless, segmentation tasks are still leading, in number of papers, as the most used application of deep learning in this domain _cite_ . Here, we present a CNN design, entitled Uception, inspired by the U-net ND _cite_ and by the Inception modules _cite_ for segmentation of the cerebrovascular network in MRA images. This architecture uses branches of convolutions with different kernel sizes in parallel in order to better select features in the several scales, with slower training as an drawback.