The goal of the computational color constancy is adjusting image colors to preserve the perceptive colors of objects under different lighting conditions by removing the illuminant color casts from the image. Typically, most algorithms are targeted towards achieving color constancy by correcting scene's illumination to be ideal white light. In the literature, these illuminant casts are usually assumed to be global and uniform (i.e., a single illuminant in the scene) . Other methods went beyond this assumption by dealing with more than one light source _cite_ . The majority of existing works focus on estimating a set of parameters to represent the scene illuminant (or illuminants in the case of more than one) . Then, the correction process is assumed to be carried out by undoing the effect of that illuminant. To be able to undo the effect of the color casts, the input image should be in RAW format (i.e, both illumination estimation and correction should be applied on the linear RGB values) . In fact, the problem of color constancy is mainly related to the color distribution of the image, as shown in the literature _cite_ . However, the spatial information could help in improving the results. For example, objects that have innate colors could be used as guidance objects to ameliorate the illuminant estimation results. That way, Hu et al. _cite_ proposed a fully convolutional color constancy method that relies on the confidence level of each patch in the image to estimate the illuminant color. The spatial information could help more, if we have some semantic information about the image content \textemdash the sky should be blue, otherwise, we can guess the level of distortion occurred in the image colors. In this work, we study the effect of feeding a convolutional neural network a semantic mask along with the input image. This mask possesses semantic information per pixel in order to enrich the CNN with useful information regarding the image content. We show that the semantic information increases the accuracy of the illuminant color estimation process, and consequently, can effectively improve the color constancy results, see Fig. _ref_ . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: the proposed method is presented in Section N followed by the experimental results in Section N. Eventually, the paper is concluded in Section N.