Detection of video shot transition is a crucial pre-processing step in video analysis. Previous studies are restricted on detecting sudden content changes between frames through similarity measurement and multi-scale operations are widely utilized to deal with transitions of various lengths. However, localization of gradual transitions are still under-explored due to the high visual similarity between adjacent frames. Cut shot transitions are abrupt semantic breaks while gradual shot transitions contain low-level spatial-temporal patterns caused by video effects in addition to the gradual semantic breaks, e.g. dissolve. In order to address the problem, we propose a structured network which is able to detect these two shot transitions using targeted models separately. Considering speed performance trade-offs, we design the following framework. In the first stage, a light filtering module is utilized for collecting candidate transitions on multiple scales. Then, cut transitions and gradual transitions are selected from those candidates by separate detectors. To be more specific, the cut transition detector focus on measuring image similarity and the gradual transition detector is able to capture temporal pattern of consecutive frames, even locating the positions of gradual transitions. The light filtering module can rapidly exclude most of the video frames from further processing and maintain an almost perfect recall of both cut and gradual transitions. The targeted models in the second stage further process the candidates obtained in the first stage to achieve a high precision. With one TITAN GPU, the proposed method can achieve a N \ (\times \) real-time speed. Experiments on public TRECVIDN and RAI databases show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. In order to train a high-performance shot transition detector, we contribute a new database ClipShots, which contains N cut transitions and N gradual transitions from N online videos. ClipShots intentionally collect short videos for more hard cases caused by hand-held camera vibrations, large object motions, and occlusion. The database is avaliable at .