Injuries of the Achilles tendons are one of the most common musculoskeletal disorders in modern medical practice, with more than N case per N, N people per year~ _cite_ . A ruptured tendon undergoes a surgical reconstruction followed by a rehabilitation process. A risk of the tendon re-rupture is between N-N \% and proper oversight of the healing process is needed to increase the chances that the tendon is not ruptured again. Furthermore, continuous monitoring of the healing process can be useful for perfecting treatment techniques and adjusting them to patient's personal conditions. Recently, several works showed how quantitative methods based on deep neural networks can successfully be used to monitor the healing of the Achilles tendon~ _cite_ . However, those methods are dedicated to simple classification tasks and do not fully take advantage of the mid-level neural network representation. As suggested by~ _cite_, those representations can be useful, especially for medical image processing tasks~ _cite_ . In this paper, we introduce a novel method for continuous evaluation of reconstructed Achilles tendon healing based on the responses of intermediate convolutional neural network layers. First, we train a neural network to classify MRI data as ‘healthy’ or ‘injured’. We then use the pre-trained network as a feature extractor and build the representation of the image data from the outputs of the first fully connected layer. After reducing the dimensionality of this representation with Principal Component Analysis (PCA), we use linear regression to fit the resulting representation to the scores assigned by human annotators that describe a healing phase. The obtained results indicate that the proposed approach allows to reduce the number of MRI protocols used for healing assessment from N to N, without losing accuracy of the healing phase classification. Furthermore, using the responses of the proposed neural network, we are able to estimate the healing phase measured on a five-point scale with a mean square error of less then a half point, when compared with human experts.