The discussion on is a strong component of the solutions to many classical problems in numerical differential geometry. A typical example is that of planar shape analysis where one desires to have a local function of the contour which is invariant to rotations, translations and reflections like the Euclidean curvature. This representation can be used to obtain correspondence between the shapes and also to compare and classify them. However, the numerical construction of such functions from discrete sampled data is non-trivial and requires robust numerical techniques for their stable and efficient computation. Convolutional neural networks have been very successful in recent years in solving problems in image processing, recognition and classification. Efficient architectures have been studied and developed to extract semantic features from images invariant to a certain class or category of transformations. Coupled with efficient optimization routines and more importantly, a large amount of data, a convolutional neural network can be trained to construct invariant representations and semantically significant features of images as well as other types of data such as speech and language. It is widely acknowledged that such networks have superior representational power compared to more principled methods with more handcrafted features such as wavelets, Fourier methods, kernels etc. which are not optimal for more semantic data processing tasks. In this paper we connect two seemingly different fields: convolutional neural network based metric learning methods and numerical differential geometry. The results we present are the outcome of investigating the question: By training with a Siamese configuration involving only positive and negative examples of Euclidean transformations, we show that the network is able to train for an invariant geometric function of the curve which can be contrasted with a theoretical quantity: Euclidean curvature. An example of each can be seen Figure _ref_ . We compare the learned invariant functions with axiomatic counterparts and provide a discussion on their relationship. Analogous to principled constructions like curvature-scale space methods and integral invariants, we develop a multi-scale representation using a data-dependent learning based approach. We show that network models are able to construct geometric invariants that are numerically more stable and robust than these more principled approaches. We contrast the computational work-flow of a typical numerical geometry pipeline with that of the convolutional neural network model and develop a relationship among them highlighting important geometric ideas. In Section _ref_ we begin by giving a brief summary of the theory and history of invariant curve representations. In Section _ref_ we explain our main contribution of casting the problem into the form which enables training a convolutional neural network for generating invariant signatures to the Euclidean and Similarity group transformations. Section _ref_ provides a discussion on developing a multi-scale representation followed by the experiments and discussion in Section _ref_ .