High efficiency video coding (HEVC) _cite_ is the state-of-the-art video coding standards developed by the joint collaborative team on video coding (JCT-VC) . HEVC supports four depth levels of coding units (CUs) at maximum, from _inline_eq_ to _inline_eq_, also known as CU quad-tree partition. By contrast with the fixed-size marcoblock supported in H.N _cite_, this flexible partition structure leads that at the meantime of performance enhancement, CU partition decision becomes one of the most time-consuming modules in HEVC encoder. Currently, CU partition decision relies on a rate-distortion optimization (RDO) quad-tree search algorithm. Specifically HEVC encoder recursively in three depths, makes decision whether a CU split or not by comparing if the rate-distortion cost of the CU as a whole is higher than the sum of rate-distortion costs of four splited sub-CUs. In the light of this condition, so much encoding time is spent on CU partition decision that a faster approach of it is urgently required. In the last few years, deep learning has successfully demonstrated its impressive performance on many varieties of fields. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) specifically are able to extract features from images and then classify them to several types. Accordingly, an idea comes up that we can take advantages of CNNs to assist many decision modules in HEVC encoder. CNNs are able to boost the decision modules in HEVC encoding, such as CU partition, intra and inter prediction mode. For instance, CNNs can assist HEVC encoder to decide CU partition much faster than traditional method. At the meantime, since CNNs are able to achieve considerable accuracy of CU partition decision, RD performance of encoded video will hardly be aggravated. Several CNN-based fast CU partition decision algorithms are emerging. Liu et al. _cite_ proposed a simple CNN structure to predict CU mode. Liu's work mainly focuses on pipe-line to adapt hardware implementation, which is tough to be ported to another hardware or platform. Moreover, Li et al. _cite_ presented a deep CNN to decide three level CU partition, and in their CNN there are three branches with different sizes and quantities of convolution layers. On the other hand, none of feasible measure is taken during training process against the imbalance training samples issue. Xu et al. _cite_ raised a novel CNN structure to decide CU quad-tree partition over three depths at one time. Within a _inline_eq_ CU, Xu's proposed CNNs utilize redundant neighbor sub-CUs to sub-CU partition decision in second and third depth. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage approach in order to accelerate CU partition decision. The first stage of the proposed approach is a rough early-termination algorithm based on the range of CU luma samples that directly related to CU partition mode. This early-termination algorithm will be applied before CNN-based stage to filter some evident non-split CUs out of the subsequent CNN in order to tightly restrain computational complexity. The second stage is CNNs designed and trained to precisely estimate the partition mode of ambiguous CUs that the first stage conveys. Due to the depth and width of our neural networks, our CNNs are able to accomplish much lower error rate. In a nutshell, the first stage, or the early-termination algorithm, is a rough but fast method to filter some evident homogeneous CUs, which plays an important part in complexity reduction. Then in the second stage the CNN-based CU partition algorithm is a final method with higher accuracy, which mainly concentrates on RD performance retention. As a result, the proposed two-stage approach gains the balance of time saving and RD loss.