MRI is an important modern medical imaging technology. Compared with other medical imaging technologies, it has the advantages of high resolution for soft tissue imaging, no radiation damage to human body, and multi-directionality imaging. Because of these advantages, MRI is widely used for pathological and functional studies of the brain, such as research on the working mechanism of the brain and neurological diseases including epilepsy, Alzheimer's disease and multiple sclerosis. The accurate segmentation of MR brain tissue is the basis for these research, diagnosis and treatment. But artificial segmentation is time-consuming and depends on experienced doctors, which is a pain point in clinic. Therefore, an accurate MRI brain tissue automatic segmentation is very important for the auxiliary diagnosis. MRI brain tissues have some special features compared with natural images. Firstly, different soft tissue may have the similar gray information, e.g. the gray information between cerebellum and WM is similar. Secondly, the area of different tissues varies greatly. Thirdly, different tissues’ ground truth is segmented on different modality, e.g. WM lesions are segmented on the FLAIR scan, GM are segmented on the TN scan. Lastly, the structure of the human brain tissue is relatively fixed, so the texture information between different images has similarity. Because of the importance of brain tissues segmentation, lots of methods have been developed to achieve accurate segmentation performance in the literature. Broadly speaking, they can be categorized into two classes: N) Conventional method with hand-crafted features. These methods usually use hand-crafted parameters and get poor results, such as intensity based thresholding _cite_, fuzzy c-means clustering _cite_, support vector machine (SVM) with spatial and intensity features _cite_ . These methods suffer from limited representation capability for accurate recognition. N) Deep learning methods with automatically learned features. These methods are based on ND _cite_ or ND _cite_ CNN to achieve segmentation. Some of these methods have reported state-of-the-art performance on MICCAI MRBrainSN challenge database _cite_, with N modality (TN) or N modalities (TN, TN-FLAIR, TN-IR) . However, these methods don’t exploit the priori fixed brain texture information. To fully utilize the priori fixed brain texture information, we propose a novel method, which combines CBIR _cite_ and a multi-channel segmentation CNN network architecture to improve the performance and achieve better segmentation results. We match each slice with the ground truth of its most similar image in the database as the fourth channel (the other N channels consist of TN, TN-FLAIR, TN-IR images）. Our approach is concise and effective which can be integrated into any existing network architecture without changing a lot. We segmented N tissues including CSF, GM, WM, brain stem and cerebellum, but only the first three categories are evaluated.