In this study, we tackle a commonly seen problem in medical image analysis: how to transfer the knowledge learned from existing training data to a new data without retraining or fine-tuning the system, in the situation when the new data has large intensity variations compared to the training data. This is especially valuable if the newly acquired data is rare or expensive. For example, deep convolutional neural networks will not be applicable for this task as they require larger amounts of training data. One application of such a knowledge transfer problem is the detection of microcalcification (MC) groups in ND digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) . A MC group is composed of multiple small and similar individual MCs, and is considered a possible sign of breast cancer. Because MCs may be small and lack enough contrast (as in Figure~ _ref_ (a)), they can be easily missed by radiologists during the routine screening process. Needless to say, a MC group computer-aided detection (CAD) can help radiologists locate suspicious regions and help them make diagnostic decisions. A large number of literature has been reported on creating CAD system for MC groups in ND mammography (as in Figure~ _ref_ (a)) . However, publications on CAD for recently emerged DBT (as in Figure~ _ref_ (b)) are very limited. This is due to the difficulty of collecting enough cancer cases to train a DBT CAD from scratch. Instead, most researchers built systems on small DBT datasets with limited training~ _cite_ or applied a mammography CAD directly on slices or projections of DBT volumes~ _cite_ . Mammography and DBT are different imaging technologies both targeting abnormalities inside woman breasts. The MCs in mammography images and DBT volumes share similar properties like appearance, shape and spatial distribution in ND. At the same time they differ greatly in brightness, contrast and presence of another spatial dimension. Building a DBT CAD by transferring common knowledge learned from a large number of easily accessible mammography images can be more reliable than to train a CAD based on a small number of DBTs. We further argue that the key to perform such knowledge transfer is to build a robust system that overcomes intensity variations within the existing training data. To achieve this, a multi-layer bottom-up hierarchical model is proposed to solve a general problem of detecting a group of similar objects.