Fashion designers today actively seek inspirations from social media photos to formulate innovative designs before they are put into production. In last several years, social media is flooded with fashion inspirations from celebrities, reputed designers as well as fashion influencers. However, it has only made the task of manually parsing and extracting intelligence from these photos arduous for fashion designer. Fashion designers today wish to have an easy to use tool with several search functionalities that can let them search photos with natural language queries such as `red dress', `flora handbags', `vintage tees', etc. The main bottleneck in creating this digest is the identification of fashion photos and fashion items inside these photos. This necessitates deep parsing of fashion photos on social media to localize and classify multiple fashion items from a given fashion photo. Image object detection involves identifying bounding boxes encapsulating objects and classifying each bounding box to recognize the underlying object category. Recently there has been mounting interest in the research community to detect multiple objects in an image using Single Shot Detection techniques~ _cite_ . These techniques effectively combine region proposal and classification into a single step by foregoing the candidate box proposal (or region proposal) module employed by several two-step detection techniques _cite_ . While these techniques have made some progress, they fundamentally lack two key features to solve problems such as detecting fashion objects from fashion photos in the wild: (N) ability to ingest large amount of unlabeled dataset and (N) ability to maintain detection accuracy in the absence of large labeled datasets for small and big object alike. These two problems are especially relevant to parse fashion photos on social media since social media has large amount of unlabeled fashion photos, i.e., fashion photos for which classes and boxes are absent. Moreover, there are no labeled datasets that have several thousands of labeled photos for each of several tens of fashion categories. It is not easy to get such large dataset labeled owing expertise, cost, and timing constraints. In this work, we apply a convolution-deconvolution based object detector to extract fashion objects from fashion photos. Specifically,