A study published in N revealed that, from N sports injuries documented over a N-year period, close to N \% were related to the knee _cite_, making it one of the most commonly injured structures of the human body, especially in athletes. Unfortunately, in a great number of cases, full recovery takes several months, during which a physical therapy program is usually recommended. In order to assess the patient's evolution and efficiently conduct the rehabilitation, health professionals (physiatrists and physical therapists) must perform recurrent measurements. Goniometry is one of the most common, which consists of determining the knee's range of motion or flexion angle. In order to perform this accurately, some tool must be used. However, most of these tools are either not available at every physical therapy clinic or its usage is complex and time-consuming. This often causes them to be replaced by simple visual estimation which, while not precise, is extremely quick and pratical to execute. Thus, in most cases, the evaluation tends to be mainly qualitative, and consequently imprecise. This research is supported by the idea that an easier and quicker way to perform meaningful measurements would contribute to an increased amount of evaluations performed, as well as a deeper insight on the patient’s progress. A novel solution is proposed, consisting of the creation of a mobile application capable of performing accurate measurement of the knee's range of motion. It should be a low-cost solution that is simple and quick enough to operate, so that physical therapists, even more that physiatrists, can use it frequently, as they are the professionals that most closely follow and deal with the patient during the treatment. Specifically, the app should be capable of estimating the joint's flexion angle using a common smartphone’s camera. The estimations should be executed in real-time, without requiring photography or any interaction by the professional other than pointing the camera, and the obtained results should promptly be presented on the device’s screen.