Retrieving similar medical images given a query image can be useful for more accurate diagnosis. A Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) system, which identifies similar images based on an input image, is thus important for fields such as radiology and pathology. Building such a system is formidably difficult for two reasons. First, the similarity is hard to define for visual data. There is a semantic gap between low-level pixel values and high-level semantics _cite_ . Second, the recent advance in medical imaging devices has led to the production of a gigantic amount of image data. It has been reported that the Vanderbilt Medical Center had compiled over N million anonymized medical images in N months _cite_ . A sophisticated CBIR system must be able to search through this Big Medical Image Data efficiently in response to the user's query. Hence, for medical images, accuracy and speed are the two most critical criteria for performance of a CBIR system. The recent trend in CBIR research is the construction and use of binary representations (codes) for image retrieval _cite_, because they offer several advantages over real-valued descriptors. For example, (N) they enable us to utilize the fast bitwise operation in hardware; (N) they are hashable, allowing the use of memory in exchange for fast retrieval; (N) they require much less storage. There are many methods (as reviewed in Section _ref_) to hash images into binary codes. Despite their availability, they mostly seek linear projections and thus cannot capture the underlying non-linearity inherent in the image data _cite_ . Kernelized methods have this capability, but an appropriate kernel function, which may not exist, needs to be chosen _cite_ . Recently, there are increasing attempts _cite_ to apply deep architectures (neural networks with at least N hidden layers), which could learn the non-linear relationship among image pixels, to hash images into binary codes. However, these methods mostly require class labels, yet obtaining class labels are expensive in the field of medical imaging. A recent study _cite_ labeled N medical images in collaboration with a radiologist, while the unlabeled data involved was N million. A very small amount of labeled data is unlikely to be adequate for training deep architectures. It may lead to over-fitting if over-trained. From the practical perspective, unsupervised methods should therefore be explored. Semantic hashing _cite_ is a recent work that builds a deep autoencoder _cite_ by stacking restricted boltzmann machines (RBMs) _cite_, to learn binary codes from documents _cite_ or images _cite_ for retrieval. However, building a deep autoencoder by stacking RBMs for binary hashing _cite_ is complicated since a specific RBM training algorithm and an ad-hoc regularization technique are needed. Recently, it is reported that a deep autoencoder built by stacking de-noising autoencoders, i.e. a deep de-noising autoencoder (DDA), has comparable performance in learning features for supervised classification task _cite_ . However, the unsupervised method using a DDA to hash images into binary codes has not been explored. Deep architectures have been applied in medical image analysis _cite_ . There are also some methods _cite_ applying deep architectures for medical image retrieval but they are not hashing the medical images into binary codes, except one recent study _cite_, based on supervised methods using kernel. To our knowledge, no studies have used deep architectures to hash medical images into binary codes without class labels for retrieval. Traditional methods seem to be unable to capture the underlying non-linearity inherent in images. Kernelized methods, on the other hand, are not adaptable. Most methods based on deep architectures require class labels. Obtaining class labels for medical images is a laborious task and not easily doable for large databases. The methods which do not need class labels train a deep autoencoder by adopting a specific training algorithm and an ad-hoc regularization technique. Until now no studies have used deep architectures to hash medical images into binary codes without class labels for retrieval. Hence, one objective of this study is to introduce a new unsupervised scheme for training a deep de-noising autoencoder (DDA) to hash images into binary codes using backpropagation and standard regularization techniques. As well, we will investigate the feasibility and performance of using a DDA to hash X-ray images into binary codes without class labels. Indicated by our experimental results on the benchmark dataset IRMA from ImageCLEFmedN _cite_, the new unsupervised training scheme introduced by us had a significant impact on the retrieval performance, decreasing the total error by N \%. Using the same Exhaustive Search strategy, the binary codes learned by our DDA were found to achieve the lowest total error on this dataset comparing to other unsupervised methods reported in the literature. Using the fast retrieval strategy, we required only N to retrieval a image on a laptop, achieving a speed-up of N over the Exhaustive Search strategy with a comparable total error. The best unsupervised retrieval result on this dataset was achieved by the combined use of RABC and DDA binary codes. The rest of this paper is organized as follows: The related work is reviewed in Section _ref_ . Our methodology is described in Section _ref_ . The experimental results and their analysis are shown in Section _ref_ . The whole study is summarized and concluded in Section _ref_ .