An Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm (AAA) is a focal dilation of the aorta that exceeds its normal diameter by more than N \%. If not treated, it tends to grow and may rupture, with a high mortality rate~ . In the last decade, the treatment of aortic aneurysm has shifted from open surgery to a minimally invasive alternative, known as Endovascular Aneurysm Repair (EVAR) ~ . This technique consists of the transfemoral insertion and deployment of a stent graft using a catheter. The prosthesis excludes the damaged aneurysm wall from blood circulation, which generates a thrombus that shrinks after the intervention in favorable cases. Despite lower rates of perioperative mortality and morbidity, studies show that two-year mortality rates are comparable to open surgery due to the appearance of EVAR complications known as endoleaks~ . These complications translate into a recurrent blood flow towards the excluded thrombus, which continues growing and needs reintervention to prevent rupture. Thus, close follow-up after EVAR is required at least yearly, for which Computed Tomography Angiography (CTA) is the preferred imaging modality~ . However, this is hindered by the lack of automatic thrombus segmentation algorithms that allow precise measurement of thrombus maximum diameter, volume and other shape parameters that allow for assessment of its evolution. Traditionally, thrombus segmentation has been addressed with intensity-based semi-automatic algorithms (level-sets, active shape models, graph cuts) combined with shape priors. Purely intensity-based techniques fail to correctly detect the non-contrasted thrombus boundaries, since there are adjacent structures that have similar intensity values into which the segmentation tends to overflow. With the insertion of a shape constraint this leakage can be further controlled. However, most of the proposed algorithms, as detailed in Sec.~ _ref_ require user interaction and/or prior lumen segmentation along with centerline extraction. Furthermore, their performance highly depends on the multiple parameter tuning, affecting the robustness and the applicability in clinical practice. We aim at exploring a new approach based on artificial intelligence that could be easily translated into clinical routine, solving some of the automation, parameter tuning, robustness, reproducibility and user interaction issues. \par Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN) have gained attention in the scientific community for solving multiple computer vision tasks, including object recognition, classification and segmentation, surpassing the previous state-of-the-art performance in many different problems. Most importantly, DCNN methods have proven to be highly robust to varying image appearance, which is our motivation to apply them to fully automatic detection and segmentation of aortic thrombus in CTA volumes. \par Our goal is to propose a new fully automatic approach to region of interest detection and subsequent thrombus segmentation using DCNNs. First, a ND detection network is adapted and applied to localize the thrombus region from the complete CTA dataset. Second, we propose a new ND DCNN architecture for the fine segmentation of the thrombus in a previously extracted region of interest. The output of the network is a probability map, so a ND k-means based post-processing algorithm is applied to obtain the binary segmentation mask, ensuring ND coherence and increasing accuracy while preserving low computational cost. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that applies deep learning to detect and segment post-operative AAA thrombi from the whole CTA volume in a fully automatic manner in a large number of images. The outline of the paper is as follows: Sec.~ _ref_ reviews the state of the art of thrombus segmentation approaches and DCNN for medical imaging. Sec.~ _ref_ describes our proposed method for thrombus region detection and segmentation, as well as the data employed during our experiments. Results are presented in Sec.~ _ref_ . Finally, a discussion is provided in Sec.~ _ref_ .