Breast cancer is one of the most common malignant neoplasm in the female population. The referral examination used for screening of breast cancer is Mammography. Mammography is a radiological procedure that uses a bundle of X photons to map the breast tissue attenuation. With the use of high-resolution detectors, it is possible to detect microstructures with a high atomic number in the breast. Among them breast microcalcification (MC) can be an indicator for the diagnosis of breast cancer as they are the expression of cell necrosis. In mammograms, microcalcifications appear as regions with high intensity compared to the local background and they can vary in size and have shapes ranging from circular geometries to strongly irregular ones with sharp or soft contours. The Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BIRADS) standardized the interpretation of MCs by defining a scale ranging from N (benign finding) to N (highly suspicious of malignancy) based on their shape, density and distribution within the breast. An important type of benign calcification that can be seen incidentally on mammography are breast arterial calcifications (BAC), which seem to correlate with coronary calcification. Breast vascular calcifications are differentiated from malignant and ductal calcifications by size, morphology, and distribution and appear as linear "tram tracks" () of calcification along arterial walls with a winding rather than branching course on mammography. Since there are studies (see) correlating the estimation of the patient cardiovascular disease (CVD) with the amount of calcium residing at vascular level inside the breast, then the exact identification of the pixels belonging to a calcification can become crucial to assess possible outcomes for the future () . For this reason the proposed system not only localizes MCs inside the tissue, but also aims to provide the exact segmentation of these lesions. Because of the variability of connective, glandular and adipose tissue within the breast, microcalcifications are often difficult to find even for experienced operators. The heterogeneity of the breast tissue and projective image capture geometry implicates the impossibility to use a simple density threshold to automatically detect MCs. In addition, it is difficult to carry out the research by means of morphological filtering operations due to the large variability of their geometry. In literature, a wide range of algorithms have been proposed for the automatic detection of clusters of mammary calcifications, highlighting the importance of this task. The first attempts were mainly based on the spatial characteristics of these lesions; an example of that is the morphological system proposed by . Given the appearance of MCs as a locally high-intensity region, this work introduced a method based on the application of an adaptive thresholding operation on the mammogram, up to subsequently extract the lesions. Subsequently, proposed an approach employing the wavelet transform to emphasize local variations in contrast. The intuition behind wavelets usage resides in their ability to discriminate different frequency bands and the possibility to preserve signal details at different resolutions. In this context microcalcifications correspond to high-frequency components in the image and they can be detected by decomposing the mammograms into different frequency subbands and filtering out low frequency variations from the image. Another proposal for the MCs detection pipeline is the multiresolutional analysis carried out by, where the detection of microcalcifications is based on the Laplacian scale-space representation of a mammograms. Later on, several papers proposed machine learning approaches to solve the task. Particularly, formulated the MCs detection task as a supervised-learning problem and employed a Bayesian Neural Network to detect true MCs among several candidates obtained by a preliminary analysis of the mammogram. A second machine learning approach is the one proposed by, who investigated instead, the possibility to apply support vector machines to develop the detection algorithm. Unfortunately, even if in some cases these methods were able to achieve a good sensitivity (i.e. a sensitivity of N \% was achieved, outperforming all the other methods tested by the authors), most of the previous approaches usually suffer from a high false-positive rate. This weakness is a direct consequence of the great variability of the breast tissue which must be taken into account to avoid misses of true positives also in very different mammograms. Given the difficulty which classical methods show in the detection problem, in this paper we propose the usage of a non-linear approach based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) . CNNs allow infact to avoid the direct definition of features to be analyzed in the image, providing both an automatic extraction and evaluation of these features in order to localize microcalcifications. Going further, in order to accelerate the evaluation of mammographic images, we propose the usage of two CNNs to quickly detect the candidate region of interests (ROIs) and subsequently segment them. Therefore the final system should identify both the calcification clusters, for the subsequent detection of the presence of possible cancers, and the BAC for the CVD stratification. In this work, however, we focus only the segmentation of MCs and the cluster detection, without making any clinical assessment of patient risk.