Breast cancer is among the most common types of cancer in women. According to a WHO report~ _cite_, breast cancer accounts for N \% of diagnosed cancers and N \% of cancer related death worldwide. Early detection of breast cancer using imaging techniques is vital to improve survival rates and the most commonly used screening technique is X-ray mammography (MG), which enables the detection of suspicious masses and micro-calcifications that are subsequently used for classification~ _cite_ . It has been observed that there is a trade off between sensitivity and specificity in the manual analysis of MG, which in general can reduce the efficacy of the diagnosys process~ _cite_ . The development of computer aided diagnostic (CAD) systems has the potential to improve this trade off, but it has been observed that the use of these systems in MG reduces the accuracy of screening by increasing the rate of biopsies without improving the detection of invasive breast cancer~ _cite_ . We believe that this issue can be fixed with a more easily reproducible and reliable assessment mechanism that provides a clear comparison between competing methodologies, which can lead to a better informed decision process related to the selection of appropriate algorithms for CAD systems in MG. Another reason for this poor performance lies in the reliance of current approaches on more traditional image processing and segmentation techniques, such as active contours, which typically produce sub-optimal results due to their non-convex cost functions and reliance on strong contour and appearance priors (e.g., smooth contours, strong edges, etc.) . Therefore, we propose a statistical pattern recognition approach that estimates optimal (or near optimal) models directly from annotated data~ _cite_ . The main contribution of this paper is the use of structured support vector machine (SSVM) that can learn a structured output, representing the mass segmentation, from an input test image. We also propose a potential function (to be used in this structured learning problem) based on deep belief networks (DBN) that can learn complex features directly from MG. We also propose an easily reproducible assessment that measures both the accuracy and the efficiency of breast mass segmentation methodologies on the publicly available databases INbreast~ _cite_ and DDSM-BCRP~ _cite_ . We show that our methodology produces competitive mass segmentation results of the field on these two databases.