Recent progress in deep learning technologies has led to explosive development in machine learning and computer vision for building systems that have shown substantial improvements in a wide range of applications such as image classification _cite_ and object detection _cite_ . The fully convolutional neural networks (FCN) _cite_ enable end-to-end training and testing for image labeling; holistically-nested edge detector (HED) _cite_ learns hierarchically embedded multi-scale edge fields to account for the low-, mid-, and high-level information for contours and object boundaries. FCN performs image-to-image training and testing, a factor that has become crucial in attaining a powerful modeling and computational capability of complex natural images and scenes. FCN family models _cite_ are well-suited for image labeling/segmentation in which each pixel is assigned a label from a pre-specified set. However, they can not be directly applied to the problem where individual objects need to be identified. This is a problem called instance segmentation. In image labeling, two different objects are assigned with the same label so long as they belong to the same class; in instance segmentation, objects belonging to the same class also need to be identified individually, in addition to obtaining their class labels. Recent work developed in computer vision _cite_ shows interesting results for instance segmentation but a system like _cite_ is for segmenting individual objects in natural scenes. With the proposal of fully convolutional network (FCN) _cite_, the "end-to-end" learning strategy has strongly simplified the training and testing process and achieved state-of-the-art results in solving the segmentation problem back at the time. To refine the partitioning result of FCN, _cite_ and _cite_ integrate Conditional Random Fields (CRF) with FCN. However, they are not able to distinguish different objects leading to failure in instance segmentation problem. DCAN _cite_ and U-net _cite_ are two instance aware neural networks based on FCN with reasonable performance. The intrinsic properties of medical image pose plenty of challenges in instance segmentation _cite_ . First of all, the objects are in heterogeneous shapes, which make it difficult to use mathematical shape models to achieve the segmentation task. Take colorectal cancer histology image as an example (Fig.N) . When the cytoplasm is filled with mucinogen granule the nucleus is extruded into a flat shape whereas the nucleus appears as a round or oval body after secreting. Second, variability of intra-and extra-cellular matrix is often the culprit leading to anisochromasia. Therefore, the background portion of medical images contains more noise like intensity gradients, compared to natural images. In this paper, we aim to developing a practical system for instance segmentation in gland histology images. We make use of multichannel learning _cite_, region and boundary cues using convolutional neural networks with side supervision, and solve the instance segmentation issue in the gland histology image. Our algorithm is evaluated on the dataset provided by MICCAI N Gland Segmentation Challenge Contest _cite_ and achieves state-of-the-art performance.