Cardiac pathologies are often best evaluated along the principle axes of the heart, on long and short axis views. Because ND Flow scans are typically acquired volumetrically, these planar views must be reconstructed for interpretation by a cardiac radiologist. In order to generate the standard cardiac views, the user may manually place N cardiac landmarks: the left and right ventricle apex (LVA, and RVA), and the aortic, mitral, pulmonary, and tricuspid valves (AV, MV, PV, and TV) . With training, locating the landmarks using an interactive clinical tool takes a trained radiologist roughly N minutes. The landmark positions are then used to compute the N, N, and N chamber views, as well as the short axis stack (Fig. _ref_) . Although these views can be computed for the left and right ventricles, for the sake of conciseness, we focus on the left ventricle cardiac views. The N chamber view is defined as the plane going through the TV, MV, and LVA, with the LVA oriented on the top of the image. The N chamber view is defined as the plane going through the AV, MV, and LVA, with the LVA placed on the left of the image. The N chamber view is defined as the plane bisecting the large angle of the N and N chamber planes, with the LVA placed on the left of the image. The SAX (short axis stack views) are generated by sampling planes orthogonal to the axes defined by the LVA and MV, with the left ventricle in the center of the image, and the right ventricle on the left of the image. Methods that utilize deep learning techniques to determine keypoints in ND or ND images have recently shown state of the art results. Payer et al. _cite_ proposed a method to detect landmarks in ND and ND medical images by regressing heat maps of the landmark location. Other approaches have been suggested for landmark detection such as using reinforcement learning _cite_, where an agent travels through the image and stops when a landmark is found. Some approaches proposed to detect cardiac landmarks starting with left ventricle segmentations _cite_ . In this paper, we build on _cite_ and introduce a method to automatically compute cardiac views based on a landmark detection network. Our approach may obviate manual placement of landmarks, to fully automate computation of cardiac views. We demonstrate that the long and short axis projections computed with our automated method are of equivalent quality to those created by expert annotators, based on a blinded test administered to a board-certified cardiac radiologist. We finally show that our model can be applied to other cardiac MRI sequences, such as volumetrically-acquired ND-cine single breath hold MRI.