Abnormal event detection has been an intriguing research subject for many years, namely because of the fact that the definition of an abnormal event can be very unclear. The classification of abnormal events can be a challenging task when the number of possible abnormalities can easily exceed our knowledge of abnormal behaviors. Also, it is usually a very tedious job to obtain abnormal data. There can be many different possibilities of abnormalities and some of them can even be subjective. In order to tackle this problem, many authors suggest the hypothesis that all the abnormalities are outliers of the normality distribution. By taking that into account, one can notice that abnormalities are context/scene dependent and that a uniform definition of abnormal events cannot be generalized for all kinds of scenarios other than the assumption of these being the opposite of normal events. The goal of this paper is to detect abnormal trajectories at road intersections where the objects of interest can be identified as pedestrians, cyclists or vehicles. The problem with trajectory data at intersections is that it does not follow any particular probabilistic rules. Therefore, the best way for classifying them is to use statistical or machine learning approaches that can learn the normal trajectories in an unsupervised manner and be trained to detect outliers, which can be classified as abnormal trajectories. Various statistical approaches can solve the issue of trajectory anomaly detection. But, this problem becomes challenging when the dataset is not large enough for trajectory data classification. In this work, we want to devise a method that can use a small number of trajectory samples and that gives the best precision on the classification of normal and abnormal trajectories compared to other outliers detection methods. To solve the abnormal event detection problem, our contribution is to propose a deep autoencoder model coupled with a data augmentation method. This allows us to encode information about normal trajectories while removing irrelevant information. Results show that our proposed method outperforms classical methods such as one-class support vector machine (SVM) .