Deep neural networks have obtained excellent performance for many applications. However, one of the known shortcomings of these systems is that they can be overly confident when presented with images (and classes) which were not present in the training set. Therefore, a desirable property of these systems would be the capacity to not produce an answer if an input sample belongs to an unknown class, that is, a class for which it has not been trained. The field of research which is dedicated to this goal is called out-of-distribution detection~ _cite_ . Performing out-of-distribution detection is important not only to avoid classification errors but also as the first step towards lifelong learning systems~ _cite_ . Such systems would detect out-of-distribution samples in order to later update the model accordingly~ _cite_ . The problem of out-of-distribution detection has also been called one-class classification, novelty and anomaly detection~ _cite_ . More recently, associated to deep neural network classifiers, some works refer to it as open-set recognition~ _cite_ . In this paper, we distinguish two cases of out-of-distribution which we believe are quite different: we propose to term as novelty an image from a class different from those contained in a dataset from which to train, but that bears some resemblance to them, for instance because it shows the same kind of object from untrained points of view. This is a very important problem in many computer vision applications. For example, imagine a system that classifies traffic signs on-board a car and takes automatic decisions accordingly. It can happen that it finds a class of local traffic signs which was not included in the training set, and this must be detected to avoid taking wrong decisions. We reserve the word anomaly for completely unrelated samples, like different type of objects, images from another unrelated dataset, or background patches in the case of traffic sign classification. This is also relevant from the point of view of commercial applications. In fact, most previous works focus on anomaly detection. Novelty detection remains rather unexplored. To the best of our knowledge only~ _cite_ and~ _cite_ perform some intra-dataset out-of-distribution detection experiments. The three previous works closest to ours~ _cite_, revolve around one idea: given a discriminative neural network model, use the output probabilities to take the decision of seen/unseen class. These networks are optimized to distinguish between the classes present in the training set, and are not required to explicitly model the marginal data distribution. As a consequence, at testing time the system cannot assess the probability of the presented data, complicating the assessment of novelty cases. Here we explore a completely different approach: to learn an embedding where one can use Euclidean distance as a measure of ``out-of-distributioness''. We propose a loss that learns an embedding where samples from the same in--distribution class form clusters, well separated from the space of other in--distribution classes {\em and} also from out-of-distribution samples. The contributions to the problem of out-of-distribution detection presented in this paper are the following. First, the use of metric learning for out-of-distribution detection, instead of doing it on the basis of the cross-entropy loss and corresponding softmax scores. Second, we distinguish between novelty and anomaly detection and show that research should focus on the more challenging problem of novelty detection. Third, we obtain comparable or better results than state-of-the-art in both anomaly and novelty detection. Last, in addition to the experiments with benchmark datasets in order to compare with previous works, we address also a real-world classification problem, traffic sign recognition, for which we obtain good detection {\em and} accuracy results.