A prevalant family of human pose estimation works generally fall into two groups: ND human pose estimation and ND human pose estimation. Last year has witnessed the revolution of ND human pose estimation, thanks to the development of heatmap-based network and the availability of deep residual network _cite_ . However, the research on ND human pose estimation has been significantly lagging behind its counterpart. Prior works on ND human pose estimation can be roughly categorized into two families: and . directly learn a mapping function from input image to the target ND joint locations _cite_ . As popularized in ND human pose estimation, the performance is not as excellent as expected. typically follow a two-stage schema where in the first stage a ND pose estimator is employed and then ND pose is reconstructed aiming to minimize the reprojection error via _cite_ or _cite_ . While can generate only one ND output, recent work of Jahangiri and Yuille _cite_ has highlighted the importance of having multiple hypotheses under the widely known problem of depth ambiguity. A fundamental challenge limiting previous methods from attacking ND human pose estimation is the insufficient training data. Most top-performing methods in ND human pose estimation are restricted in laboratory environment where the appearance variation is far less than outdoor scene. On the other hand, there exists no accurate ND ground truth for in-the-wild dataset to date. Fusing ND and ND data, dates back to at least _cite_, therefore has become an emerging trend _cite_ . This naturally brings us to a question, In this work, we argue that combined training is not necessary by better exploiting the data that we already have. We put forth a novel expressive intermediate feature representation called . For an example see Figure ~ _ref_ . The core insight is that . This suggests that most of the image cues, \eg lightning, texture, and human-object interaction are useless for ND pose inference. is simple, compact and effective. Unlike full human body part segmentation map which requires pixel-wise segmentation, it only models the connection between adjacent joints in the human skeleton. It contains rich structural information and exhibits inherent occlusion-aware property for regression. is general for both indoor and outdoor scenario. Researchers previously argued that ND and ND data complements each other and mixing them is central to better shared feature learning. But with our pure and succinct representation, we are able to achieve near state-of-the-art performance. We then take a leap forward to generate multiple hypotheses, sharing the same spirit of ``wisdom of the crowd" _cite_ . Different scales of are conveniently generated by deconvolutional networks for subsequent regression. It can be intepretered as implicit data augmentation . This desirable property further resolves the depth ambiguity. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to achieves N average joint error on ND N dataset and delivers considerable ND poses on ND MPII dataset.