The environment we live in is a complex mixture of multiple physics laws and interactions, hard to fully describe and understand. However, humans are likely to interact with it without detailed knowledge of the whole environment and its underlying functioning. For this, the human brain constructs simple models of the world in order to come up with an easy, though approximate, understanding of it that is sufficient to perform tasks. This paper aims at reproducing this behavior for robots. We want to build a simple representation of the world that retains enough information to make a machine able to use it to interact afterwards, i.e., to perform an assigned task. Finding such a minimal representation (e.g., the position of an object extracted from an image) is the standard way to implement behaviors in robots. However, this is most of the time done in a task specific and supervised way. In this paper, we want to learn such representation with no supervision, based on generic learning objectives. This representation is trained with a deep neural network using images and rewards gathered from robot actions in a given environment and has to estimate, for each image, a state which is the representation we want to learn. Instead of using a ground truth as in supervised training, we make use of an approach that ensures consistency between the states' representation and the rewards gathered by the robot during exploration in the task. For this purpose, the states are constrained by robotics priors _cite_, which are an expression of the knowledge we have about physics. The rewards are used in a way such that the representations learned are not bound to learn a concretely specific task, but instead, are aimed at serving to learn a broad variety of tasks. It is, however, essential to include a task to learn the concept of causality. The main contribution of this paper is the extension of the use of the robotic priors approach with a siamese network to train a deep convolutional neural network to learn ND representations of a robot's hand position. The network is trained with images from the robot head's camera, information on the actions performed by the robot, and rewards. The neural network learns a state representation usable for the robot to perform a reaching task defined by the reward. Moreover, we propose a new quantitative evaluation of the learned representation using nearest neighbors in the learned state space and generate new settings simulation data with added difficulty such as static and mobile distractors, and perform domain randomization to test the scalability of the robotic priors in more challenging domains. Furthermore, we identify cases with partial degradation in the state representation learned space and propose a new alignment reference-point prior to improve it.