cardiovascular physiology, the volume of the left ventricle (LV) is important in heart disease diagnosis. The difference of end diastole volume (EDV) and end systole volume (ESV), that is EDV-ESV, reflects the amount of blood pumped in one heart beat cycle (Stroke Volume, SV), which is often used in the diagnosis of heart diseases. Another frequently used indicator is the ratio (EDV-ESV) /EDV (Ejection Fraction, EF) . Modern medical imaging methods such as ultrasound, radiology and MRI make it possible to estimate the volume of LV. The first step is to acquire a set of slices along the _inline_eq_-axis (the long axis of the LV) . Then experienced doctors draw contours on the slices to get the area of LV in each slice and calculate volume by accumulating the areas along the _inline_eq_-axis. This step is time-consuming. Usually, an MRI stack costs a senior doctor more than ten minutes in the analysis. If an automatic method is available, it will speed up the diagnosis process. A straightforward approach for solving this problem is to first segment LV area in each MRI slice, then estimate the volume of LV by integrating the areas across difference slices. Over years many LV segmentation algorithms have been proposed (e.g.,) . But the progress towards solving the problem was hindered by the lack of benchmark dataset. The first large public available dataset called the Sunnybrook dataset was released in N, which contains hundreds of cases. It provides not only the diagnosis label for each case but also LV contours labeled by experts for some cases. It is the first systematically labeled dataset, which facilitates the application of machine learning algorithms on this problem, including deep neural network and random forest . Traditional learning-free methods can also benefit from it . In N Kaggle.com organized a competition named ``Second National Data Science Bowl". A dataset with hundreds of ND MRI videos were provided with EDV and ESV labels. The task was to predict EDV and ESV in new videos . External data except the Sunnybrook dataset was not allowed to be used. Clearly, a single scalar volume label is quite uninformative for training an accurate model because the volume depends on the classification of every pixel in each slice. To make the model capable of doing segmentation, we proposed to train a deep neural network using both the volume labels on the training set and the segmentation labels on the Sunnybrook dataset. The proposed pipeline was based on deep neural networks. The competition had two rounds. In the initial round there were more than N teams, and in the final round there were N teams. Our algorithm ranked the Nth in the final round. In the paper, we describe our algorithm in detail to make a contribution to related clinical practices .