With the growing data set of real world ND scans, we need efficient ND shape representation and encoding methods, such that the ND data can be transmitted and reconstructed accurately. This ND data is used not only for visualization, but also increasingly for algorithmic analysis. A wide variety of algorithms are developed for ND object recognition and reconstruction. However, successful machine learning methods on ND images ({\em e.g,} deep neural networks) cannot be extended trivially to ND, as we still need to investigate a common parameterization on which multiple ND scans can be aligned and compared. This continues to be a challenging problem, especially for shapes of arbitrary topologies. Existing methods typically use generic shape parameterizations such as ND voxels or depth-maps from arbitrary view points. Unfortunately, these representations are not efficient for fine-scale surface detail. In contrast, ND meshes can efficiently represent such detail, but do not offer a common representation for learning across multiple shapes. In N, Marr and Nishihara _cite_ theorized that the brain performs object recognition by matching ND object descriptions from the visual input to ND model representations in the memory. They also suggested that the ND representations in the memory have to be based on object-specific frames of reference, such as the canonical axis of rotation or the medial axis of a shape. They describe three criteria for choosing a shape parameterization: accessibility (ease of computing it), uniqueness to shape, and stability to noise. Our method strikes a balance between the second and third criteria. We compute local patches of moderate length by applying automatic mesh quadrangulation algorithm~ _cite_ to the low-resolution representation of an input ND mesh and taking the stable quad orientations for patch computation. The low-resolution mesh is obtained by applying mesh smoothing to the input ND scan, which captures the broad outline of the shape over which local patches can be placed. We then set the average quad size and thereby choose the required scale for computing local patches. The mesh quadrangulation is a quasi-global method, which determines the local orientations of the quads based on the distribution of corners and edges on the overall shape. At the same time, the scanlines of the quads retain some robustness towards surface noise and partial scans-these orientations can be fine-tuned further by the user if needed. Prior work in using local surface patches for ND shape compression~ _cite_ assumed the patch size to be sufficiently small such that a local patch on the input ND scan could be mapped to a unit disc. Such small patch sizes would restrict learning based methods from learning any shape detail at larger scale, and for applications like surface inpainting. The contributions of our paper are as follows. We specifically address the problem of ND surface inpainting of shapes with complex surface textures-such as ND scans of statues, footwear etc., with the goal of inferring detail missing at holes and surface damages resulted due to bad reconstruction from ND acquisition devices. We present our contributions as a step towards larger-scale machine learning from bigger ND data sets.