Positron Emission Tomography (PET) provides non-invasive in vivo imaging of radioactive tracer that binds to a particular molecular target of interest. It is by far the most sensitive modality for non-invasive molecular assaying of the human body, and plays an important role in understanding and diagnosis of a wide range of diseases. A PET scanner collects photons emitted from radioactive tracer molecules serving as the imaging agent, and the reconstruction of PET images is the estimation of tracer distribution, which can be used for quantification of the molecular target of interest. PET reconstruction can be done by analytic methods to directly calculate the image in simple steps, such as filtered back projection (FBP), which has been commonly used in computed tomography (CT) reconstruction. However PET reconstruction with analytic methods is very challenging due to the fact that, in PET imaging, the emission of photons is a stochastic process and the noise statistics are hard to model by the analytic methods. For this reason, PET reconstruction algorithms based on a statistical model in the maximum likelihood (ML) framework have been developed with the advantages of having high flexibility in modelling the data acquisition process _cite_ . These methods usually require an iterative optimisation approach to keep updating the reconstructed image to fit the measured photon data, and can be very computationally expensive as the flexibility/complexity of the model grows for improving reconstruction image quality. The long reconstruction time required by the iterative methods also impedes the opportunities of incorporating PET imaging into interventional/surgical procedures, where cancer surgery can particularly benefit, for example, from in-operation tumour removal assessment _cite_ . Recently, with the development of deep learning, neural network based methods have shown promise in providing exciting solutions for medical/biological imaging problems _cite_ _cite_ _cite_ . The flexibility based on the universal approximation rule allows deep neural networks to learn complex nonlinear relationships in a task while being computationally simple. In this work, we aimed to address the speed-quality trade-off in the existing PET reconstruction methods (analytic and iterative) by proposing an alternative approach for improvements in both accuracy and computational performance. We consider image reconstruction a dense prediction problem, for which solutions based on deep neural networks are rapidly developing, and we proposed a novel multi-scale fully convolutional neural network (msfCNN) for learning contextual features with both memory and computational efficiency. The model was trained using simulated data and then applied to real clinical data for fast reconstruction. The experimental results show that the msfCNN-based method can effectively reduce the reconstruction time while achieving comparable image quality for target density quantification and tumour detection.