Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease that affects the central nervous system. Demyelination results in focal lesions that appear with higher frequency in the white matter (WM) . Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a fundamental tool for MS diagnosis and monitoring of disease evolution as well as response to therapy. Currently, expert's manual annotations are considered the clinical gold standard for MS lesion identification. However, as this task is time-consuming and prone to inter and intra-observer variations, many automated methods for MS lesion detection and segmentation have been proposed in the literature~ _cite_ . In this context, supervised techniques that learn and train from manually annotated examples have been proven to be the most successful in detection of MS WM lesions ~ _cite_ . In the last years, deep learning architectures have achieved remarkable successes and have recently proven good performance in MS lesion segmentation as well~ _cite_ . In order to compare automated lesion segmentation methods, several computational imaging challenges have been proposed at international conferences~ _cite_, providing very valuable benchmark datasets for validation. However, these evaluation scenarios are based on patients with relatively high lesion load, and reported results are often computed on scans exhibiting relative large lesion sizes. Thus, the performance of deep supervised techniques on early stages of MS and at small lesion sizes remains to be proven. In this work, we aim at comparing shallow with novel deep learning architectures using data from early stages of the disease in challenging conditions, i.e. exploring minimum lesion sizes as given by neuroradiological conventions~ _cite_ and even pushing the limit below. To this end, we have selected two recently published MS segmentation methods. First, we have applied a supervised k-NN method combined with partial volume (PV) modeling _cite_, specifically developed on subjects with a low disease burden and small lesions. Second, we have used a recently and publicly available deep learning approach based on a cascade of two ND patch-wise convolutional neural networks (CNNs) _cite_ . At the time of the writing of this work, this CNNs method achieved the best result on the MICCAIN and MSSEGN challenges _cite_ and competitive performance on other clinical datasets. Furthermore, we explore a straightforward prototype combination of these two methods. Both methods and their combination are trained on the same clinical dataset and validated on a pure test set. The results are analyzed considering different minimum lesion volume and total lesion load, as these are important evidences for early stage disease patients with low disabilities.