During planetary exploration missions, rovers are required to explore diverse targets of interest after successful landing. Since the surfaces of planets (e.g. Mars and Moon) are covered with dangerous areas (e.g. rocks, steep slope, and craters) and the power supplied for rovers are limited, it is important for planetary rovers to find collision-free and energy-efficient paths to destination _cite_ . Moreover, the uncertain planetary environments and the unavoidable communication delays between Earth and other planets make it impractical to provide real-time decision and control for rovers from Earth. This means that the design of autonomous path planning algorithms is indispensable for planetary rovers. The planetary path planning problem can be classified into two types, namely global path planning and local path planning. For global path planning, the whole trajectories from rovers' start positions to their targets are required to be determined from planetary surface images captured by orbit satellites. It can be fullfilled offline since global environments are totally observable. For local path planning, the partial trajectories from rovers' current positions to their ends of sight need to be planned from their observations of local environments. It is commonly executed online since only local environments are observable. This paper concentrates on dealing with global path planning problem for planetary rovers. Typically, the initial stage of implementing global path planning algorithms is mapping the real-world environment _cite_ . More precisely, observations of global environments are commonly transformed into configuration space (C-space), visibility graph, Voronoi diagram or grid maps _cite_ . Then, global path planning algorithms can be applied. In _cite_, classical shortest path search methods such as Dijkstra algorithm and Floyd algorithm were firstly employed to deal with global path planning problem. However, since global path planning with multiple obstacles is non-deterministic polynomial time hard (NP-hard) _cite_, it is time-consuming to find the shortest path through traversal search. Therefore, heuristic and evolutionary algorithms were adopted to address global path planning efficiently. In _cite_, heuristic search algorithms such as _inline_eq_ and _inline_eq_ were applied to achieve efficient path planning for mobile robots successfully. Then, inspired by natural and biological intelligence, evolutionary algorithms such as genetic algorithm _cite_, particle swarm optimization _cite_, ant colony algorithms _cite_, and neural network algorithms _cite_ were extended into global path planning problems for planetary rovers. It is noteworthy that these algorithms cannot work without environment mapping, for which humans' prior knowledge about planetary environments are necessary. In order to achieve autonomous path planning directly from orbital images, some algorithms have to firstly represent and learn deep features of orbital images such as the shape and location of obstacles. Then, according to these deep feature, the optimal path can be determined. In recent years, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs) have received wide attention in computer vision field for their superior feature representation and learning capability _cite_ . Inspired by the state-of-the-art performance of DCNNs in visual feature representation and learning, learning to plan directly from original images have been researched. Since global path planning is a sequential decision making process, one proven techique is formulating it as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) and finding the optimal path planning policy through value function estimation. In _cite_, a novel DCNN arthitecture---Value Iteration Network (VIN) was proposed to effectively estimate value functions in MDP. Then, the goal of planning path directly from Martian orbital images was achieved. Based on the work of VIN, Memory Augmented Control Network and Neural Map were proposed to find the optimal path for rovers in partially observable environment in _cite_ and _cite_ respectively. Further, in order to plan path for rovers under dynamic environments, Value Propagation Network _cite_ was designed. However, all these networks contain the value iteration module in VIN, which has low training and planning efficiency since it requires multiple times of iteration inside the network for value function estimation. Therefore, in this paper, we design a novel DCNN architecture with double branches and non-iteration sturcture (DB-CNN) for value function estimation, which can achieve global path planning with higher efficiency and precision. The main contributions of this paper are summarized as follows: The rest paper is organized as follows. Section provides preliminaries of this paper. Section describes the proposed DB-CNN for global path planning of planetary rovers. Experimental results and analysis are illustrated in Section, followed by discussion and conclusions in Section .