Some decisions are easier to make than others---for example, large, unoccluded objects are easier to recognize. Additionally, different difficult decisions may require different expertise---an avid birder may know very little about identifying cars. We hypothesize that complex decision-making tasks like visual classification can be meaningfully divided into specialized subtasks, and that a system designed to perform a complex task should first attempt to identify the subtask being presented to it, then use that information to select the most suitable algorithm for its solution. This approach---dynamically routing signals through an inference system, based on their content---has already been incorporated into machine vision pipelines via methods such as boosting _cite_, coarse-to-fine cascades _cite_, and random decision forests _cite_ . Dynamic routing is also performed in the primate visual system: spatial information is processed somewhat separately from object identity information _cite_, and faces and other behaviorally-relevant stimuli ellicit responses in anatomically distinct, specialized regions _cite_ . However, state-of-the-art artificial neural networks (ANNs) for visual inference are routed statically _cite_ ; every input triggers an identical sequence of operations. With this in mind, we propose a mechanism for introducing cascaded evaluation to arbitrary feedforward ANNs, focusing on the task of object recognition as a proof of concept. Instead of classifying images only at the final layer, every layer in the network may attempt to classify images in low-ambiguity regions of its input space, passing ambiguous images forward to subsequent layers for further consideration (see Fig. \ref* {fig: motivation} for an illustration) . We propose three approaches to training these networks, test them on small image datasets synthesized from MNIST _cite_ and CIFAR-N _cite_, and quantify the accuracy/efficiency trade-off that occurs when the network parameters are tuned to yield more aggressive early classification policies. Additionally, we propose and evaluate methods for appropriating regularization and optimization techniques developed for statically-routed networks.