Retinal fundus image analysis is crucial for ophthalmologist to deal with the medical diagnosis, screening and treatment of opthalmologic diseases. The morphology of the optic disk (OD) and optic cup (OC) is an important structural indicator for assessing the presence and severity of retinal diseases, such as diabetic retinopathy, hypertension, glaucoma, hemorrhages, vein occlusion, and neovascularization _cite_ . The OD shape and colors are similar to hard exudates which is one of the main signs of diabetic retinopathy. Being able to detect the OD significantly decreases the difficulties to detect the hard exhaudes in the fundus image _cite_ . The OD and OC segmentation is the first step for a significant investigation of retinal images that helps in treating eye diseases _cite_ . In color fundus images, OC appears as a bright yellowish oval region, in turn, OD is darker. Fig~ _ref_ shows an example of a color retinal fundus image with the key anatomical structures denoted. For ophthalmologists and eye care specialists, an automated segmentation and analysis of fundus optic disc plays an important role to diagnose and treat the retinal diseases. Numerous methods has been proposed to detect and segment OD and OC. Segmenting of the OC region from fundus images is a challenge due to the low contrast boundary. In _cite_, an automatic OC segmentation method based on a variational level set was proposed. For diagnosis of glaucoma disease, Chrastek et al. _cite_ proposed an automated segmentation algorithm to segment the optic nerve head. They firstly removed the blood vessel by using a distance map algorithm and a morphological operation, and then anchored active contour model has been used to segment the OC region. With the widespread of using deep learning models in segmentation tasks, many methods have recently been proposed based on convolutional neural network (CNN) . An automatic OC and OD segmentation has been proposed in _cite_ based on a stack of deep U-Net models. Each model in a cascade refines the result of the previous one. In addition, _cite_ proposed a multi-scale deep model with multi-level loss for segmenting OD and OC regions in fundus images. In this paper, we propose a retinal joint OD and cup segmentation model based on a U-Net network including encoder and decoder network followed by a CNN network to matching the features of the predicted and ground-truth images to get a segmented image more close to the correct one. The second CNN network is conditioned by the color input image for learning the statistical invariant features (texture, color etc.), in addition to the shape information of the segmented image. Indeed, the second CNN encourages the generator to produce output that cannot be distinguished from ground-truth ones. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Firstly, section N describes the methodology of the proposed model. In addition, section N shows the experiments and results. Finally, the conclusion are explained in section N.