"deeper" with artificial neural networks (ANNs) by using more than the original three layers (input, hidden, output) started the so-called deep learning era. The developments and discoveries which are still ongoing are producing impressive results and reaching state-of-the-art performances in various fields. The reader is invited to read _cite_ for a general introduction to deep learning. In particular, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) sparked-off the deep learning revolution in the image processing community and are now ubiquitous in computer vision applications. This has led numerous researchers from the remote sensing community to investigate the use of this powerful tool for tasks like object recognition, scene classification, etc... More applications of deep learning for remote sensing data can be found in _cite_ and references therein. By standing on the shoulders of recent achievements in deep learning for image segmentation we present "EddyNet", a deep neural network for automated eddy detection and classification from Sea Surface Height (SSH) maps provided by the Copernicus Marine and Environment Monitoring Service (hereinafter denoted by AVISO-SSH) . EddyNet is inspired by ideas from widely used image segmentation architectures, in particular U-shaped architectures such as U-Net _cite_ . We investigate the use of Scaled Exponential Linear Units (SELU) _cite_ instead of the classical ReLU + Batch Normalization (R + BN) and show that we greatly speed up the training process while reaching comparable results. We adopt a loss function based on the Dice coefficient (also known as the FN measure) and illustrate that we reach better scores for the two most relevant classes (cyclonic and anticyclonic) than with using the categorical cross-entropy loss. We also supplement dropout layers to our architecture that prevents EddyNet from overfitting. Our work joins the emerging cross-fertilization between the remote sensing and machine learning communities that is leading to significant contributions in addressing the segmentation of remote sensing images _cite_ . To the best of our knowledge, the present work is the first to propose a deep learning based architecture for pixel-wise classification of eddies, dealing with the challenges of this particular type of data. This letter is organized as follows: Section \uppercase presents the eddy detection and classification problem and related work. Section \uppercase describes the data preparation process. Section \uppercase presents the architecture of EddyNet and details the training process. Section \uppercase reports the different experiments considered in this work and discusses the results. Our conclusion and future work directions are finally stated in Section \uppercase .