The micro-structural characteristics of porous media play an important role in the understanding of numerous scientific and engineering applications such as the recovery of hydrocarbons from subsurface reservoirs _cite_, sequestration of _inline_eq_ _cite_ or the design of new batteries _cite_ . Modern micro-computer tomographic (micro-CT) methods have enabled the acquisition of high-resolution three-dimensional images at the scale of individual pores. Increased resolution comes at the cost of longer image acquisition time and limited sample size. Individual samples allow numerical and experimental assessment of the effective properties of the porous media, but give no insight into the variance of key micro-structural properties. Therefore, an efficient method to generate representative volumetric models of porous media that allow the assessment of the effective properties is required. The generated images serve as an input to a digital rock physics workflow to represent the computational domain for numerical estimation of key physical properties _cite_ . Typically, a statistical model allows for incorporation of measured data or a priori knowledge of structural elements. The simulated annealing algorithm allows high-quality three-dimensional reconstruction and incorporation of numerous statistical descriptors of the porous medium _cite_ . Covariance-based methods such as truncated Gaussian simulation, allow the three-dimensional reconstruction of micro structures given two-point correlation functions. Three other stochastic approaches have been used in the past to reconstruct three-dimensional porous media outlined below. Object based methods describe the material domain by imposing a spatial point process on a set of geometric bodies. The so-called Boolean model, considers a union of randomly placed overlapping objects of random shape, typically spheres _cite_ . Object based methods are a flexible framework _cite_ that may also allow interaction of particles to be incorporated and have successfully been used to describe complex and heterogeneous materials. Process models reconstruct the pore and grain structure of materials by mimicking their natural generating processes. Bakke and {\O} ren _cite_ have created reconstructions of sandstones by reproducing the natural processes of sedimentation, compaction and diagenesis. Where images of the materials micro structure can be obtained, by direct imaging or modeling, training image based methods allow stochastic reconstruction of the material domain. Training image based algorithms such as multiple-point statistics (MPS) _cite_, direct sampling _cite_ or image quilting have been successfully used in three-dimensional reconstruction of porous media _cite_ . This contribution presents a training image based method of image reconstruction using a class of deep generative methods called generative adversarial networks (GANs) first introduced by _cite_ . Recently, Mosser et. al _cite_ have shown that GANs allow the reconstruction of three-dimensional porous media based on segmented volumetric images. Their study applied GANs to three segmented images of natural porous media. They showed that GANs represent a computationally efficient method that allow fast generation of large volumetric images that capture the statistical and morphological features, as well as the effective permeability. We expand on the work of Mosser et. al _cite_ and investigate the ability of generative adversarial networks to create stochastic reconstructions of an unsegmented micro-CT scan of a larger oolitic Ketton limestone sample. Using the unsegmented gray-scale image dataset allows us to evaluate the four Minkowski functionals for the three-dimensional datasets as a function of the gray-level threshold. In addition to the numerical evaluation of permeability as shown by Mosser et al. _cite_, we compare velocity distributions of the original porous medium and samples obtained from the GAN.