Epilepsy is a neurological disorder affecting more than N million people worldwide~ . Monitoring of brain activity through electroencephalograms (EEG) is the standard technique for the diagnosis of epilepsy. In current clinical practice, EEG readings must be analyzed by trained neurologists to identify characteristic patterns of the disease, such as seizures and pre-ictal spikes. However this visual analysis is extremely laborious, taking several hours to analyze one day of recording from a single patient, and it requires scarce highly trained professionals. In many clinics, this limits how many patient recordings can be analyzed. Furthermore, it is not always feasible to have access to neurologists especially in developing countries (e.g. see The Bhutan Epilepsy Project) . Those limitations have motivated efforts to develop automated approaches to seizure detection. The problem of automatic seizure detection has been extensively studied. Most work to date uses expert hand-crafted features characteristic of seizure manifestations in EEG; many proposed methods rely on spectral information~, whereas some of them capture the temporal aspect of a seizure~ . However it is well known that epileptic seizures are highly non-stationary phenomena and seizure manifestations in EEG are extremely variable both within a patient over time, and between different patients~ . In an effort to improve the generalization error in automated seizure detection both intra-and inter-patient, we study the potential of deep learning in a supervised learning framework to automatically learn more robust features. Indeed, features designed by deep learning models have proven to be more robust than hand-crafted features in various field, including computer vision and speech recognition~ . The architecture proposed in our work consists of a recurrent convolutional neural network. It is designed to simultaneously capture spectral, temporal and spatial information while learning a general spatially-invariant representation of a seizure (particularly relevant for cross-patient classifier) . We apply the method to a large publicly available data set, the Children's Hospital of Boston-Massachusetts Institute of Technology dataset (CHB-MIT) . Results show that our approach can match state-of-the-art performance in terms of sensitivity and false positive rate on patient-specific seizure detection. Moreover, results with this model on the cross-patient seizure detection task exceed previous results by a significant margin. Finally, we show that the model is robust to missing channels and different electrode montage, thus making it practical for realistic clinical settings.