Rice occupies about N percent of the grossed crop area and accounts for N percent of total cereal production in Bangladesh _cite_ . Rice also ensures food security of over half the world population _cite_ . Researchers have observed N-N \% average yield loss because of N major diseases of rice in Bangladesh _cite_ . Timely detection of rice plant diseases and pests is one of the major challenges in agriculture sector. Hence, there is a need for automatic rice disease detection using readily available mobile devices in rural areas. \par Deep learning techniques have shown great promise in image classification. In recent years, these techniques have been used to analyse diseases of tea _cite_, apple _cite_, tomato _cite_, grapevine, peach, and pear _cite_ . _cite_ proposed a feed forward back propagation neural network from scratch in order to detect the species of plant from leaf images. Neural network ensemble (NNE) was used by _cite_ to recognize five different diseases of tea plant from tea leaves. _cite_ trained a neural network with weather parameters such as temperature, relative humidity, rainfall and wind speed to forecast rice blast disease. _cite_ used deep CNN to detect disease from leaves using N images of N crop species representing N diseases, while _cite_ used CaffeNet model to recognize N different types of plant diseases. _cite_ worked on detecting four severity stages of apple black rot disease using PlantVillage dataset. They used CNN architectures with different depths and implemented two different training methods on each of them. A real time tomato plant disease detector was built using deep learning by _cite_ . _cite_ used fine-tuned AlexNet and GoogleNet to detect nine diseases of tomatoes. _cite_ injected some texture and shape features to the fully connected layers placed after the convolutional layers so that the model can detect Olive Quick Decline Syndrome effectively from the limited dataset. Instead of resizing images to a smaller size and training a model end-to-end, _cite_ used a three stage architecture (consisting of multiple CNNs) and trained the stage-one model on full scaled images by dividing a single image into many smaller images. _cite_ used transfer learning on GoogleNet to detect N diseases infecting N plant species. Using a dataset of N images of leaves captured both in laboratory and in the field, _cite_ worked with N classes containing N different plants. _cite_ built a CNN combining the ideas of AlexNet and GoogLeNet to detect four diseases of apple. Images of individual lesions and spots instead of image of whole leaf were used by _cite_ for identifying N diseases of N plant species. Few researches have also been conducted on rice disease classification~ (_cite_) . _cite_ conducted a study on detecting N different rice plant diseases using a small handmade CNN architecture, inspired by older deep learning frameworks such as LeNet-N and AlexNet, using N images. _cite_ used AlexNet (large architecture) to distinguish among three classes-normal rice plant, diseased rice plant and snail infected rice plant using N images. Researches mentioned above mainly focused on accurate plant disease recognition and classification. For this purpose, they implemented various types of CNN architectures such as AlexNet, GoogLeNet, LeNet-N and so on. In some studies, ensemble of multiple neural network architectures have been used. These studies played an important role for automatic and accurate recognition and classification of plant diseases. But their focus was not on modifying the training method for the models that they had constructed and used. Moreover, they did not consider the impact of the large number of parameters of these high performing CNN models in real life mobile application deployment. In this research, two state-of-the-art CNN architectures: VGGN and InceptionVN have been tested in various settings. Fine tuning, transfer learning and training from scratch have been implemented to assess their performance. In both the architectures, fine tuning the model while training has shown the best performance. Though these deep learning based architectures perform well in practice, a major limitation of these architectures is that they have large number of parameters, a problem similar to previously conducted researches. For example, there are about N million parameters in VGGN _cite_ . In remote areas of developing countries, farmers do not have internet connectivity or have slow internet speed. So, a mobile application capable of running CNN based model offline is needed for rice disease and pest detection. So, a memory efficient CNN model with reasonably good classification accuracy is required. Since the reduction of the number of parameters in a CNN model reduces its learning capability, one needs to make a trade-off between memory requirement and classification accuracy to build such a model. To address the above issue, in this paper, a new training method called two stage training has been proposed. A CNN architecture, namely Simple CNN has been proposed which achieves high accuracy leveraging two stage training in spite of its small number of parameters. Experimental study shows that the proposed Simple CNN model outperforms state-of-the-art memory efficient CNN architectures such as MobileNet, NasNet Mobile and SqueezeNet on recognizing rice plant diseases and pests. All training and validation have been conducted on a rice dataset collected in real life scenario as part of this research. A rice disease may show different symptoms based on various weather and soil conditions. Similarly, pest attack can show different symptoms at different stages of an attack. Moreover, the diseases and pests can occur at any part of the plant which include leaf, stem and grain. Images can also be of heterogeneous background. This research addresses all these issues while collecting data. This paper focuses on recognizing eight different rice plant diseases and pests that occur at different times of the year at Bangladesh Rice Research Institute (BRRI) . This work also includes a ninth class for non-diseased rice plant recognition. In summary, this paper makes two important contributions in rice disease and pest detection. First, state-of-the-art large scale deep learning frameworks have been tested to investigate the effectiveness of these architectures in rice plant disease and pest identification from images collected from real-life environments. Second, a novel two-stage training based light-weight CNN has been proposed that is highly effective for mobile device based rice plant disease and pest detection. This can be an effective tool for farmers in remote environment.