Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have gained massive popularity in tasks where the underlying data representation has a grid structure, such as in speech processing and natural language understanding (ND, temporal convolutions), in image classification and segmentation (ND, spatial convolutions), or in video parsing (ND, volumetric convolutions) ~ _cite_ . On the other hand, in many other tasks the data naturally lie on irregular or generally non-Euclidean domains, which can be structured as graphs in many cases. These include problems in ND modeling, computational chemistry and biology, geospatial analysis, social networks, or natural language semantics and knowledge bases, to name a few. Assuming that the locality, stationarity, and composionality principles of representation hold to at least some level in the data, it is meaningful to consider a hierarchical CNN-like architecture for processing it. However, a generalization of CNNs from grids to general graphs is not straightforward and has recently become a topic of increased interest. We identify that the current formulations of graph convolution do not exploit edge labels, which results in an overly homogeneous view of local graph neighborhoods, with an effect similar to enforcing rotational invariance of filters in regular convolutions on images. Hence, in this work we propose a convolution operation which can make use of this information channel and show that it leads to an improved graph classification performance. This novel formulation also opens up a broader range of applications; we concentrate here on point clouds specifically. Point clouds have been mostly ignored by deep learning so far, their voxelization being the only trend to the best of our knowledge _cite_ . To offer a competitive alternative with a different set of advantages and disadvantages, we construct graphs in Euclidean space from point clouds in this work and demonstrate state of the art performance on Sydney dataset of LiDAR scans~ _cite_ . Our contributions are as follows: