Age estimation from face images is an interesting computer vision problem. It has various applications, ranging from customer relations to biometrics and entertainment. Although, there are various studies on real age estimation, ~ _cite_ to name a few, problem of apparent age estimation from face images is a recently introduced topic, which has received significant attention ~ _cite_ . Besides the common difficulties in facial image processing and analysis, such as pose and illumination, the main challenges associated with age estimation have been the impact of ethnicity and subjective factors. The task of apparent age estimation alleviates the challenges posed by subjective factors. Since every person ages differently, real age may not be easy to deduce from face images. However, apparent age estimation is based on annotaters' perception of subjects' ages, who are displayed in the images. Therefore, the judgments for the age labes are expected to be based on visual appearance cues rather than personal characteristics. On the other hand, these perceived ages are subjective and they depend on the annotators, leading to result in multiple age labels for the same face image. This is a very intriguing problem, considering that for object classification problems, we normally have a single label per image. Sample images from the ChaLearn LAP N dataset can be seen in Figure~ _ref_ . In this study, we have proposed a novel approach for apparent age estimation, which addresses the problem of imprecise, uncertain multiple labels by grouping the face images that are within a specified age range, and by training an ensemble of deep learning models using these age groups and their age-shifted groupings. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown significant performance improvement in several computer vision problems, such as image classification ~ _cite_, object detection~ _cite_, image segmentation~ _cite_, and face recognition ~ _cite_ . Moreover, all the best performing systems proposed in ChaLearn LAP N ~ _cite_ were based on CNNs ~ _cite_ . Due to these reasons, we have opted for CNNs for the proposed system and have conducted a thorough study to efficiently transfer already existing models for the problem at hand. In addition, ensemble models are known to increase performance further. To benefit from this, we have generated different age groupings and train multiple CNN models. Finally, we have combined the outputs of these CNN models to produce the final estimation result. The contributions of this study can be summarized as follows: (i) We proposed an apparent age estimation system that takes into account the imprecise, uncertain multiple labels available for the task. Instead of using avarage age labels as class labels, we have grouped the face images that are within a specified age range. An ensemble of CNNs have been trained using these age groups and their age-shifted groupings. (ii) We have conducted an extensive assessment about transferability of existing CNN models for apparent age estimation. (iii) We have analyzed the apparent age estimation problem in detail and pointed the challenges associated to it. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: In Section~N, a brief overview of related work is provided. In Section~N, the problem is stated and the challenges associated to it are pointed. The proposed method is explained in detail in Section~N. Experimental results are presented and discussed in Section~N. Finally, in Section~N, the paper is concluded with a brief summary and discussion.