Leishmaniasis is a disease that next to malaria, is the second worst known parasitic killing disease; an estimated N to N million new cases and N to N deaths occur each year according to the World Health Organization _cite_ . Direct observation of the leishmaniasis parasite in the microscope can be considered the gold standard for diagnosis. Nevertheless, it requires time and technical expertise, and because of the quantity of steps needed for manual diagnosis, this analytic technique is tedious and inclined to human mistake even in experienced hands, leading to possibly late conclusions and mistaken diagnosis. The purpose of this paper is to propose an alternative to manual observation of the leishmania parasites, as this process is hard and time consuming, by creating a system that automatizes the detection procedure. Although automatic analysis of blood cells and other medical images have been under study for the last N year, just in the last decade there has been an increasing interest in processing images of intracellular protozoan parasites, including the processing of images acquired from samples of neglected diseases such as malaria, Chagas or leishmaniasis. In particular, automatic detection of leismaniasis through image processing techniques has been addressed by some authors. Considering the standard staining, morphological and computer vision methods to segment parasite bodies have been utilized in _cite_ . Another approach considering a watershed based segmentation technique is presented in _cite_, where internal and external markers are defined based on the fact that parasites are present in larger numbers than the host cells. In _cite_ a devoted software called INsPECT was developed to automate infection level measurement based on fluorescent DNA staining. They also use morphological filtering as a preprocessing step followed by what they call a Threshold for images with Decreasing Probability Density Function. Other methods that also use fluorescent staining and Giemsa staining can be found in the literature _cite_, _cite_ . In the last years deep learning techniques have shown a disruptive performance in different image processing and computer vision applications. From the seminal work of _cite_ for image classification, many new architectures and applications have been addressed. In particular, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have rapidly become a methodology of choice for biomedical image analysis. Recently, some systems based on CNNs have been proposed for microscope-based diagnosis in resource-constrained environments, using photographs of samples viewed from the microscope. For example, _cite_ evaluates the performance of deep convolutional neural networks on three different microscopy tasks: diagnosis of malaria in thick blood smears, tuberculosis in sputum samples, and intestinal parasite eggs in stool samples. In all cases accuracy is high and substantially better than alternative approaches based on traditional medical imaging techniques. _cite_ proposes a computer vision system that leverages deep learning to identify malaria parasites in micrographs of standard, field-prepared thick blood films. They train a CNN based on a VGG architecture for feature extraction and use logistic regression for classification. _cite_ also use a CNN to detect and identify some species of malaria parasites through images of thin blood smears. To the best of our knowledge, however, there are no previous works using deep learning for leishmania parasite segmentation and classification on microscopy images. In this paper we present an automated system based on a fully convolutional neural network for segmenting leishmania parasites and classifying them into promastigotes, amastigotes and adhered parasites. Following in Section N we describe the database that was used in this work. Section N is devoted to the U-Net and the method that has been developed to detect parasites. Results are presented in Section N and Conclusions are finally exposed in Section N.