Object detection is one of fundamental research problems in computer vision and has been extensively studied in literature _cite_ . Recent years have witnessed remarkable progresses for object detection after exploring the family of powerful deep learning techniques. Currently, the state-of-the-art deep learning based object detection frameworks can be generally divided into two major groups: (i) two-stage detectors, such as the family of Region-based CNN (R-CNN) and their variants _cite_ and (ii) one-stage detectors, such as SSD and its variants _cite_ . Two-stage RCNN-based detectors first learn to generate a sparse set of proposals followed by training region classifiers, while one-stage SSD-like detectors directly make categorical prediction of objects based on the predefined anchors on the feature maps without the proposal generation step. Two-stage detectors usually achieve better detection performance and often report state-of-the-art results on benchmark data sets, while one-stage detectors are significantly more efficient and thus more suitable for many real-word practical/industrial applications where fast/real-time detection speed is of crucial importance. Despite being studied extensively, most existing object detectors are designed for achieving localization with relatively low-quality precision, i.e., with a default IoU threshold of N When the goal is to achieve higher quality localization precision (IoU _inline_eq_ N), the detection performance often drops significantly _cite_ . One naive solution is to increase the IoU threshold during training. This however is not effective since a high IoU will lead to significantly less amount of positive training samples and thus make the training results prone to overfitting, especially for single-shot SSD-like detectors. This work is motivated to investigate an effective single-shot detection scheme towards high-quality object detection. In this paper, we aim to develop a novel high-quality detector by following the family of single-stage SSD-like detectors due to their significant advantage in computational efficiency. In particular, we realize that the existing SSD-style detector has two critical drawbacks for high-quality object detection tasks. First, the single-shot feature representations may not be discriminative and robust enough for precise localization. Second, the singe-stage detection scheme relies on the predefined anchors which are very rigid and often inaccurate. To overcome these drawbacks for high-quality object detection tasks, in this paper, we propose a novel single-shot detection framework named ``Bidirectional Pyramid Networks" (BPN) . As a summary, our main contributions include the following: