Automated medical image analysis has been extensively studied in the medical imaging community due to the fact that manual labelling of large amounts of medical images is a tedious and error-prone task. Accurate and reliable solutions are required to increase clinical work flow efficiency and support decision making through fast and automatic extraction of quantitative measurements. With the advent of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), near-radiologist level performance can be achieved in automated medical image analysis tasks including classification of Alzheimer's disease, skin lesions and echo-cardiogram views, lung nodule detection in CT/X-ray and cardiac MR segmentation . An extensive list of applications can be found in . High representation power, fast inference, and weight sharing properties have made CNNs the de facto standard for image classification and segmentation. Methods for existing applications rely heavily on multi-stage, cascaded CNNs when the target organs show large inter-patient variation in terms of shape and size. Cascaded frameworks extract a region of interest (ROI) and make dense predictions on that particular ROI. The application areas include cardiac MRI, cardiac CT, abdominal CT segmentation, and lung CT nodule detection . However, this approach leads to excessive and redundant use of computational resources and model parameters; for instance, similar low-level features are repeatedly extracted by all models within the cascade. To address this general problem, we propose a simple and yet effective solution, named (AGs) . CNN models with AGs can be trained from scratch in a standard way similar to the training of fully convolutional network (FCN) models. Similar attention mechanisms have been proposed for natural image classification and captioning to perform adaptive feature pooling, where model predictions are conditioned only on a subset of selected image regions. In this paper, we generalise this design and propose image-grid based gating that allows attention coefficients to be specific to local regions. We demonstrate the performance of AG in real-time fetal ultrasound scan plane detection and CT pancreas segmentation. The first task is challenging due to low interpretability of the images and localising the object of interest is key to successful classification of the plane. To this end, we incorporate AGs into a variant of a VGG network, termed AG-Sononet, to demonstrate that attention mechanism can automatically localise the object of interest and improve the overall classification performance. The second task of pancreas segmentation is challenging due to low tissue contrast and large variability in organ shape and size. Moreover, we extend a standard U-Net architecture () . We choose to evaluate our implementation on two commonly used benchmarks: TCIA Pancreas _inline_eq_-_inline_eq_ and multi-class abdominal _inline_eq_-_inline_eq_ . The results show that AGs consistently improve prediction accuracy across different datasets and training sizes while achieving state-of-the-art performance without requiring multiple CNN models. AGs are commonly used in classification tasks such as in the analysis of and natural images . Similarly in the context of natural language processing (NLP), such as image captioning and, there have been several use cases of soft-attention models to efficiently use the given context information. In particular, given a sequence of text and a current word, a task is to extract a next word in a sentence generation or translation. The idea of attention mechanisms is to generate a vector which assigns weights on the input sequence. Thus, the signal highlights the salient feature of the sequence conditioned on the current word while suppressing the irrelevant counter-parts, making the prediction more contextualised. Initial work on attention modelling has explored salient image regions by interpreting gradient of output class scores with respect to the input image. Trainable attention, on the other hand, is enforced by design and categorised as hard-and soft-attention. Hard attention, e.g. iterative region proposal and cropping, is often non-differentiable and relies on reinforcement learning for parameter updates, which makes model training more difficult. used recursive hard-attention to detect anomalies in chest X-ray scans. Contrarily, soft attention is probabilistic, end-to-end differentiable, and utilises standard back-propagation without need for posterior sampling. For instance, additive soft attention is used in sentence-to-sentence translation and more recently applied to image classification . In computer vision, attention mechanisms are applied to a variety of problems, including image classification, segmentation, action recognition, image captioning, and visual question answering . used channel-wise attention to highlight important feature dimensions, which was the top-performer in the ILSVRC N image classification challenge. Similarly, non-local self attention was used by to capture long range dependencies. In the context of medical image analysis, attention models have been exploited for medical report generation as well as joint image and text classification . However, for standard medical image classification, despite often the information to be classified are extremely localised, only a handful of works use attention mechanisms . In these methods, either bounding box labels are available to guide the attention, or local context is extracted by a hard-attention model (i.e. region proposal followed by hard-cropping) . ND Ultrasound Scan Plane Detection: Fetal ultrasound screening is an important diagnostic protocol to detect abnormal fetal development. During screening examination, multiple anatomically standardised~ scan planes are used to obtain biometric measurements as well as identifying abnormalities such as lesions. Ultrasound suffers from low signal-to-noise ratio and image artefacts. As such, diagnostic accuracy and reproducibility is limited and requires a high level of expert knowledge and training. In the past, several approaches were proposed, however, they are computationally expensive and cannot be deployed for the real-time application. More recently, proposed a CNN architecture called . It achieves very good performance in real-time plane detection, retrospective frame retrieval (retrieving the most relevant frame) and weakly supervised object localisation. However, it suffers from low recall value in differentiating different planar views of the cardiac chambers, which requires the method to be able to exploit the subtle differences in the local structure and it makes the problem challenging. Pancreas Segmentation in ND-CT Images: Early work on pancreas segmentation from abdominal CT used statistical shape models or multi-atlas techniques . In particular, atlas approaches benefit from implicit shape constraints enforced by propagation of manual annotations. However, in public benchmarks such as the TCIA dataset, Dice similarity coefficients (DSC) for atlas-based frameworks are relatively low, ranging from _inline_eq_ to _inline_eq_ . A classification based framework was proposed by to remove the dependency of atlas to image registration. Recently, cascaded multi-stage CNN models have been proposed to address the problem. Here, an initial coarse-level model (e.g. U-Net or Regression Forest) is used to obtain a ROI and then a cropped ROI is used for segmentation refinement by a second model. Similarly, combinations of ND-FCN and recurrent neural network (RNN) models are utilised by to exploit dependencies between adjacent axial slices. These approaches achieve state-of-the-art performance in the TCIA benchmark (_inline_eq_ DSC) . . Recently, proposed an iterative two-stage model that recursively updates local and global predictions, and both models are trained end-to-end. Besides standard FCNs, dense connections and sparse convolutions have been applied to the CT pancreas segmentation problem. Dense connections and sparse kernels reduce computational complexity by requiring less number of non-zero parameters. In this paper, we propose a novel soft-attention gating module that can be utilised in CNN based standard image analysis models for dense label predictions. Additionally, we explore the benefit of AGs to medical image analysis, in particular, in the context of image classification and segmentation. The contributions of this work can be summarised as follows: