Left atrium (LA) shape has been shown to be associated with atrial fibrillation (AF) _cite_ . In the past three decades, catheter ablation has evolved to a safe, effective, and clinically acceptable therapeutic option in patients with AF, and is recognized as the first-line therapy in patients with symptomatic paroxysmal and persistent AF _cite_, but with considerable post-ablation recurrence leading to high rates of redo ablations that reach to N \% _cite_ . Recent studies demonstrate the efficacy of using LA shape as a predictor for AF recurrence after catheter ablation _cite_ . However, such studies rely heavily on patient-specific LA shape representation that entails a time-consuming, expert-driven, expensive, irreproducible, and error-prone workflow of segmenting patient's LA from cardiac MRI volumes followed by a processing pipeline of shape registration and dense placement of corresponding landmarks, which requires significant amount of human resources and anatomy-specific expertise. Landmarks are the most popular choice as a light-weight and general shape representation suitable for statistical analysis and visual communication of the results _cite_ . Landmarks should be defined consistently within a population to refer to the same, i.e., corresponding, anatomical position on every shape instance, resulting in correspondence-based models---aka point distribution models (PDMs) . Such models and derived population-level statistics play an important role in ablation guidance, fibrosis quantification, and biophysical modeling in AF patients _cite_ . Furthermore, these models are useful in deriving shape-driven LA segmentation methods to account for misleading imaging information _cite_ . Nonetheless, PDM generation state-of-the-art methods (e.g., _cite_) rely on manual segmentations and a subsequent heavy pre-processing of shape registration and correspondence optimization (and associated algorithmic parameters tuning) . Recently, deep networks have found many uses in medical image analysis. Their natural ability to learn complex functions makes them ideal for more complex computer-aided tasks such as automatic segmentation _cite_ and landmark detection _cite_ . In this paper, we propose an automated approach that rely on deep networks to generate a patient-specific landmark-based anatomy representation directly from ND cardiac MRI, hence, negating any need for manual pre-processing and segmentation. However, a deep network cannot be viably trained with limited training samples---a typical situation in this application and in many similar medical imaging applications. To mitigate this problem, we propose a novel data augmentation scheme that generates more statistically feasible data, and hence enable training the deep network while reducing the associated risk of overfitting. We compare the efficacy of the proposed method with the state-of-the-art correspondence-based shape modeling, which requires segmentation and correspondence optimization, in terms of correspondence-level error and difference in AF recurrence prediction. Results show statistical equivalence. As the proposed method is based on learning shape descriptors from images, hence, the method has been leveraged for automatic LA segmentation with promising results.