The vast majority of image acquisition and analysis has so far focused on reconstructing and processing dense images or volumetric data. This is mainly motivated by the simplicity of representing data points and their spatial relationships on regular grids and storing or visualising them using arrays. In particular convolutional operators for feature extraction and pooling have seen increased importance for denoising, segmentation, registration and detection due to the rise of deep learning techniques. Learning spatial filter coefficients through backpropagation is well understood and computationally efficient due to highly optimised matrix multiplication routines for both CPUs and GPUs. However, many alternative imaging devices such as time-of-flight based ND scanners or ultrasound that is based on reflectance measurements are not necessarily optimally represented on dense ND grids. Instead these sparse measurements can be stored and processed more naturally and effectively using point clouds that are connected by edges forming an irregular graph. Moreover, ND data from multiple sources can be easily combined if represented as point clouds. The supervised feature learning and further analyses on these irregular domains is a research area that is still in its early stage, in particular in the context of deep learning. The main limitations of previous approaches are their dependency on an equal number of nodes in all graphs (e.g. derived from point clouds) and the same topology, i.e. ordering of nodes and edge connections. Furthermore, some operations on irregular graphs are inefficient for parallel hardware, which limits their usefulness in real world scenarios. Of all hierarchical feature learning models, convolutional neural networks have shown to be one of the most successful approaches for a wide variety of tasks~ _cite_ . Attempts to transfer the concepts from the two dimensional image domain directly to a sparsely sampled ND space include e.g. volumetric CNNs _cite_ and multi-view CNNs _cite_ . However, due to the sparseness of the observed space both techniques lack computational efficiency. Another class of works addresses this problem more generally by studying the intrinsic structure of data on non-Euclidean and irregular domains. Noteworthy are in particular spectral descriptors that are based on the eigenfunctions and eigenvalues of the Laplace-Beltrami operator. The proposed methods include heat kernel signatures (HKS) _cite_, wave kernel signatures (WKS) _cite_ and learnable optimal spectral descriptors (OSD) _cite_ . Spectral CNNs, defined on graphs, were first introduced in _cite_ . The main drawback of this method is that it relies on prior knowledge of the graph structure to define a local neighborhood for weight sharing. Consequently, the idea of graph convolutions has been extended in _cite_ by limiting the support size of the learned spectral filters, making them independent of graph topology. In _cite_ another approach is presented, which defines a new form of local intrinsic patches on point clouds and general graphs, where the weights parameterizing the construction of patches are learned. Graph attention networks _cite_ learn a functional mapping to define pairwise weights based on the concatenated features of the involved nodes. The localized spectral CNN (LSCNN) _cite_, which derives local patches from the windowed Fourier transform, can be seen as a combination of the spectral and the spatial method. _cite_ provides a comprehensive review of current research on this topic. Deep learning applied directly on unordered point sets is considered in the PointNet framework _cite_ . The input point set is recursively partitioned into smaller subsets and max pooling is used as a symmetric function to aggregate information regardless of point ordering. Closest to our approach is the work of _cite_, that uses a power series of the transition matrix on a graph as diffusion operation to capture local node behavior, while we additionally employ multiple diffusion constants to build the filter kernels based on different variants of the normalized Laplacian. Moreover, we found it critically to build our network in a multi-layer fashion which was not considered in _cite_ . In this work, we propose a simplified architecture that helps to overcome the limitations stated above, i.e. it can be employed for both grid and irregular graphs, has a comparable or better computational performance than classic CNNs and is theoretically connected to research on mean field inference approaches for graphical models in computer vision. As detailed in Section~ _ref_, we propose multi-kernel diffusion convolutional neural networks (mkdCNNs) based on two simple building blocks: isotropic, rotationally-invariant graph diffusion operators that propagate information across edges (on the graph) and trainable N _inline_eq_ N convolutions that manipulate features for each node individually. When employing multiple diffusion constants for the information propagation, which are linearly combined with the following N _inline_eq_ N convolution, powerful regional features, e.g. curvature, can be learned. A random walk approach is considered to further simplify the diffusion process. In Section~ _ref_ we successfully validate the proposed multi-kernel diffusion convolutional network on the tasks of learning pointwise correspondences between point clouds of different human poses as well as segmenting body parts.