The wealth of spectral information in hyperspectral imagery provides for the ability to perform sub-pixel target detection. Signature-based hyperspectral target detectors need to know the target signature in advance. However, in a number of scenarios, obtaining an effective target signature is often a challenging problem. For instance, in some situations analysts may have approximate locations of sub-pixel targets and want to estimate their target signature and search for the target material elsewhere. In these situations, manual selection of a target signature from an image cube would not only be difficult (as only approximate locations are known) but may result in selecting a mixed (as opposed to pure target) pixels. In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a method to characterize a target signature from imprecisely labeled hyperspectral imagery. Specifically, we model the hyperspectral target estimation task as a multiple instance concept learning problem. In multiple instance learning (MIL) _cite_, training data is partitioned into sets of labeled bags (instead of being individually labeled) . A positive bag must contain at least one true positive (target) data point and negative bags are composed entirely of negative data. Multiple instance concept learning is a branch of MIL that aims to learn one or a set of concepts to describe the target class. For example, Diversity Density (DD) _cite_ identifies a target concept that is close to the intersection of all positive bags and far from negative instances. The expectation maximization version of DD _cite_ improves convergence. Previous methods for MIL target characterization were proposed in _cite_ . _cite_ combines all positive bags into one large positive bag and, thus, discards bag-level label information. _cite_ does not assume a mixing model and, thus, may fail to take advantage of the mixing model if it is known. In contrast, the proposed method maximizes the response of the hybrid sub-pixel detector, preserves bag-level labels, and assumes the linear mixing model _cite_ .