Text understanding in unconstrained scenarios, such as text in scene images or videos, has attracted a lot of attention from the computer vision community. Though extensively studied in recent years, localizing text in complex images remains quite challenging. Object proposal techniques have emerged as an efficient approach to reducing the search space of possible object locations in an image by generating candidate class-independent object locations and extents. Such generic object proposal methods are typically designed to detect single-body objects, and are not appropriate for text detection which aims to detect groups of disjoint, atomic objects (characters or text strokes) . The Text Proposals technique was recently suggested by Gomez et al.~ _cite_ as an alternative, class-specific object proposal method that takes into account the particular characteristics of text. Text Proposals combined with a strong word classifier produces state-of-the-art results in end-to-end scene text recognition~ _cite_ . In this paper we look at how the power of Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN) can be leveraged to improve Text Proposals. The robustness of FCN stems from the use of convolutional layers instead of fully-connected layers as in conventional networks, which results in spatial information being preserved in the final discriminative layer of the network. FCNs have recently been applied to text detection with notable results~ _cite_ . The output of such a network is a coarse heatmap of locations of interest, which must be further processed to produce a proper localization result. The Text Proposals algorithm, on the other hand, produces a short list of bounding boxes of probable text locations. The method follows a strategy based on an over-segmentation of the image and the efficient construction of meaningful groupings of regions, resulting in very accurate localization. Yet, like all object proposals approaches, it is optimized for high recall and produces a considerable number of false positives. In this paper we train an FCN for text detection and use resulting heatmap to rerank the set of possible text locations obtained by the Text Proposals algorithm. Different ranking strategies are explored that yield state-of-the-art text proposals results over several datasets. The main contribution of this paper is the development and evaluation of different ranking strategies for combining the Text Proposals approach with the FCN obtained text probability scores, yielding significantly better recall rates while considering an order of magnitude fewer proposals. The remainder of the article is organized as follows. Section _ref_ presents related work, followed by a description of our approach and architecture in Section _ref_ . Section _ref_ reports on the experimental results of our approach, and conclusions are drawn in section _ref_ .