The risk for Botrytis bunch rot, a disease caused by Botrytis cinerea Pers., is seriously increasing in viticultural regions especially when high air humidity or prolonged rain cause in persistent moisture on grapevine berry surfaces. Botrytis infestation then reduces grape yield and the quality of wines due to off-flavors or reduced wine stability in susceptible grapevine cultivars _cite_ . Besides climatic conditions, susceptibility of grapes against Botrytis bunch rot is mainly influenced by morphological properties like the bunch compactness, canopy structure as well as the thickness of the berry skin and hydrophobic characteristics of the berry cuticle (_cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_) . The cuticle and its epicuticular wax layer hereby represents the outer layer of the grapevine berries (cf. figure _ref_), it shows semi-crystalline to crystalline structure and influences the retention of pesticides, the hydrophobic characteristics of the grapevine berry surface and the adhesive ability of plant pathogens (citation overview is given by _cite_) . Furthermore, it is described as important economic feature: the berry bloom imparts a frosted appearance to the berry, which is considered attractive and desirable by consumers of table grapes _cite_ . The berry epicuticular waxes influences the oviposition of European grapevine moth _cite_ but interestingly they are also scattering light. For the grapevine berry cuticle, classification of phenotypes by traditional visual estimations is only possible for the appearance of the wax layer (OIV N) . This method is very time consuming and phenotypic data are subjective with low resolution which renders the differentiation between visibly similar genotypes hardly possible. Thus, more precision phenotyping methods are needed which are often based on labor-intensive light or scanning electron microscopy (_cite_, _cite_, _cite_) as well as expensive and time-consuming chemical analyses (_cite_, _cite_) . Laborious phenotyping methods are not feasible in grapevine research and breeding where berries of several hundreds of genotypes have to be evaluated in a short time. Regarding objective and high-throughput phenotyping techniques, Herzog et al. _cite_ developed a sensor-based method in order to characterize the thickness and permeability of grape berry cuticles by measuring the electrical impedance. High impedance is described as an indicator for thick berry cuticle and berry bloom _cite_ . Within this I-sensor the cuticle and the epicuticular wax layer as well as the epidermal cell layer of berries are located between two electrically conducting compartments: (N) berries placed on a NaCl solution and (N) an electrode within the berry flesh _cite_ . As described by _cite_, the impedance as its own is the sum of the real resistor (permeability of the cuticle, the wax layer and air) and the imaginary resistor (thickness of the cuticle, the wax layer and air) . _cite_ observed a high negative correlation between the grape berry impedance of the cuticule and its epicuticular waxes and the susceptibility of berries to Botrytis bunch rot. The measurement of impedance is a point measurement and minimal-invasive due to a spotty puncture. The distribution, the uniformity or the intactness of epicuticular waxes as very important features cannot directly be determined due to point measurements. Subsequent infection tests on the suceptibility towards Botrytis bunch rot are not feasible because of the puncture which functions as portal of entry for pathogene. In addition to the non-imaging impedance as indicator for thickness of the grape berry cuticle, imaging methods will enable objective characterization of the appearance and uniformity of berry bloom on the berry surface. Light-separation methods are useful to recognize parts or structures that consumer cameras usually cannot distinguish, e.g. surface texture. From materials science, it is known that different illumination components will be reflected in different ways from the illuminated object surfaces. Therefore, different reflectance components convey important information about the observed object surfaces that cannot be inferred from their sum. Recently, several approaches were published separating illuminations and reflection components (_cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_, _cite_) . In the present study, we will focus on polarization-based and pattern-based approaches that are most relevant to the scope of this contribution. One key observation is that specular reflections become polarized, i.e., the light waves are aligned in one single plane, while in turn, diffuse reflections are basically unpolarized. Generally, specular reflections are caused by smooth surface patches while diffuse reflections are caused by rough surface patches. Wolff and Boult _cite_ present a polarization reflectance model showing that all polarization-based methods follow from this model. They demonstrate the capability of polarization-based methods to segment material surfaces according to varying levels of relative electrical conductivity, especially by distinguishing non-conducting dielectrics from conductive metals. Nayar et al. _cite_ use controlled illumination to separate direct from global reflections. More precisely, they employ high frequency illumination patterns derived by chessboard-like arrangements of transparent and opaque filter cells. In general, direct reflections are due to direct illumination of surface patches by the light source. Global reflections are due to different physical phenomena including interreflection of light between different scene points but also subsurface scattering within the medium beneath the object surface. Garces et al. _cite_ present an outdoor upgrade of Nayar’s method _cite_ by employing the sun and sky lighting as incident light sources and creating high frequency patterns by casting a stick over the observed objects. In the given study, we present and evaluate a novel sensor-and computer-based phenotyping method combining the concept of light-separation and deep learning in order to provide an automated phenotyping of epicuticular waxes on the grapevine berry surface, the berry bloom. We used the polarization-based approach of Wolff and Boult _cite_ and the pattern-based approach of Nayar et al. _cite_ to separate illumination and reflections into four channels showing specular reflections, diffuse reflections, direct reflections and global reflections. These four image channels characterize surface patches in terms of smoothness and depth of reflection (surface or sub-surface reflections) and are used to measure epicuticular waxes of grapevine berries. To facilitate light-separation within image capture, we designed and built a mobile device, the LSL (L ight S eparation L ab) for image capture of grapevine berries employing both light-separation methods. While common image analysis approaches to visual detection and measurement of objects include serious feature engineering, i.e. the employment of domain-specific knowledge to create descriptive features for localizing the berries and measuring the epicuticular waxes, deep learning approaches use convolutional neural networks (CNN) that allow for an automated feature derivation. CNNs were successfully applied in plant sciences _cite_, especially in order to study plant diseases and in particular leaf lesions. Lu et al. _cite_ developed a deep-learning method to detect six crop diseases. Mohanty et al. _cite_ detect N leaf diseases from the PlantVillage data set _cite_ using two approaches: an AlexNet-based CNN _cite_ and the GoogLeNet CNN with the inception architecture _cite_ . Since they used the same data set, the last work can be directly related with Wang et al. _cite_ using the concept of transfer learning. Sladojevic et al. _cite_ collected leaf images from the internet which are classified under thirteen kinds of diseases and used a CNN network based on AlexNet _cite_ . The major objective of the present study was the combination and evaluation of light-separation methods with fast and high-resolution learning approaches using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in order to facilitate an automated phenotyping of epicuticular waxes on the grapevine berry surface, the berry bloom. First, we will show the proof-of-concept that the pattern-based and polarization-based light-separation methods improve the accuracy of the detection of berry and its epicuticular waxes. Secondly, we will show the results on precision and validity of our system by computing the proportion of epicuticular waxes on the detected berry surface and the correlation of these phenotypic data to impedance measurements. Thirdly, we will analyze the correlation between impedance measurements on the one hand and the derived surface proportion of the epicuticular waxes for validation.