Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), which accounts for N \% of malignant pancreatic cancer, has the highest mortality rates. Despite significant advances in medicine over the past decades, it has a poor five-year survival rate of less than N \%, most probably because of the advanced and incurable stage of the disease at the time of diagnosis _cite_ . Intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) and mucinous cystic neoplasm (MCN) are two precursor cystic lesions of PDAC and the early diagnosis of these precursor lesions can significantly increase the patient survival _cite_ . However, benign cysts such as serous cystic neoplasm (SCN) and solid pseudopapillary tumor (SPT) which rarely or never give rise to malignant cancer, present very similar imaging properties as PDAC precursors. Up to N \% of screening subjects were reported to have pancreatic cysts _cite_ . Unnecessary pancreas surgery of benign lesions may dramatically reduce the quality of the life of the patients. Therefore, early differential diagnosis plays a key role in such dilemma situation. Despite of the urgent needs, there is still no clinically available method to effectively differentiate pancreatic cysts to date _cite_ . A recent study _cite_ reported an accuracy of N-N \% for the discrimination of N pancreatic cysts on CT scans performed by two physician with N + years of experience in abdominal imaging. A computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) system was proposed recently for pancreatic cysts classification _cite_ . This method requires the cysts to be well annotated before general demographic information and texture information being extracted by convolutional neural network were aggregated by Bayesian combination. However, pancreatic cystic lesions have a large variation in size (as small as a few mm) and geometry. The heterogeneity of the lesions makes the precise identification and segmentation of the lesions extremely difficult and incur additional risks for the successful application of this method. Furthermore, focusing only on the region of cysts may lead to two technical limitations: N) useful contextual information including the shape of abnormal pancreas caused by the inflammation is missing after masking the cysts; N) the texture information inside some types of small cysts such as SPT shown in Fig. _ref_ is poor. In this paper, we present the first CAD approach for early differential diagnosis of pancreatic cysts without the requirement of detection and segmentation of lesions beforehand. This is achieved by using densely-connected convolutional networks (Dense-Net) _cite_ on whole pancreas in CT imaging, which not only learns high-level features from the whole pancreas and builds mappings from pathological types to imaging appearance, but also could generate better saliency maps to visualize important region by taking advantage of its dense connection between convolutional layers. Four subtypes of cystic lesions, i.e.~IPMN, MCN, SCN and SPT, are classified. To further explore contextual information from outside of the lesion, we generate saliency maps to highlight the important pixels and indicate the spatial support relevant to the decision. This can assist the radiologists to understand the computer-aided decision, for example, to what degree the pancreas shape will make a difference in evaluating disease state.