Person re-identification is a problem of finding a person from a gallery who has the same identity to the probe. This is a challenging problem because of big intra-class variations in illumination, pose or viewpoint, and occlusion. Many approaches have been proposed for person re-identification _cite_, which greatly advance this field. Two fundamental problems are critical for person re-identification, feature representation and metric learning. An effective feature representation should be robust to illumination and viewpoint changes, and a discriminant metric should be learned to match various person images. Many efforts have been made along the two directions to tackle the challenge of person re-identification. For feature representation, several effective approaches have been proposed, for example, the ensemble of local features (ELF) _cite_, SDALF _cite_, kBiCov _cite_, fisher vectors (LDFV) _cite_, salience match _cite_, and mid-level filter _cite_ . These hand-crafted or learning based descriptors have made impressive improvements over robust feature representation, and advanced the person re-identification research. However, how to design or learn a robust feature for the person re-identification challenge still remains an open problem. Another aspect of person re-identification is how to learn a robust distance or similarity function to deal with the complex matching problem. Many metric learning algorithms have been proposed considering this aspect _cite_ . In practice, many previous metric learning methods _cite_ show a two-stage processing for metric learning, that is, the Principle Component Analysis (PCA) is first applied for dimension reduction, then metric learning is performed on the PCA subspace. However, this two-stage processing may not be optimal for metric learning in low dimensional space, because samples of different classes may already be cluttered after the first stage. In this paper, we propose an efficient feature representation called Local Maximal Occurrence (LOMO), and a subspace and metric learning method called Cross-view Quadratic Discriminant Analysis (XQDA) . The LOMO feature analyzes the horizontal occurrence of local features, and maximizes the occurrence to make a stable representation against viewpoint changes. Besides, we find that applying the Retinex transform is useful to handle illumination variations in person re-identification. To learn a discriminant metric, we propose to learn a discriminant low dimensional subspace by cross-view quadratic discriminant analysis, and simultaneously, a QDA metric is learned on the derived subspace. We show that the problem can be formulated as a Generalized Rayleigh Quotient, and a closed-form solution can be obtained by the generalized eigenvalue decomposition. We also present a practical computation method for XQDA, as well as its regularization and dimension selection. The proposed method is shown to be effective and efficient through person re-identification experiments on four public databases, and we also demonstrate how the proposed components lead to improvements.