During the past few years, facial attribute classification (FAC) has attracted increasing attention in computer vision and pattern recognition. The goal of FAC is to predict the attributes of a given facial image, such as attraction, smile and gender, as shown in Fig.~N. FAC has widespread and practical applications, including face verification _cite_, image search _cite_ and image retrieval _cite_ . However, it still remains a challenging task in practice due to the wide variability of facial appearances in viewpoint, illumination, expression, etc. \indent Recently, most methods of FAC take advantage of convolutional neural network (CNN) for predicting facial attributes, due to the outstanding performance of CNN. Generally speaking, the CNN based FAC methods can be roughly divided into two categories: single-label learning based methods _cite_ and multi-label learning based methods _cite_ . The single-label learning based methods first extract the features of facial images via CNN and then use the support vector machine (SVM) for predicting facial attributes individually. In contrast, multi-label learning based methods predict multiple facial attributes simultaneously. For example, Ehrlich et al. _cite_ propose a novel multi-task restricted boltzmann machine (MT-RBM) method for FAC. Rudd et al. _cite_ use multi-label learning for FAC by introducing a novel mixed object optimization network (MOON) . Zhuang et al. _cite_ propose a multi-label learning based deep transfer neural network method for FAC, which effectively addresses the problem of facial attributes with unlabelled information. Typically, the above methods usually first pre-process the input images (i.e., perform face detection and alignment) and then predict facial attributes. In other words, these tasks (i.e., face detection, facial landmark localization and FAC) are independently trained, and thus the inherent dependencies among these tasks are ignored. Furthermore, for the loss function in these methods, the loss weights corresponding to different facial attributes are often fixed to be equal. As a result, different facial attributes are equally treated and trained. Therefore, the performance of FAC may not be optimal since the differences between facial attributes are not effectively exploited. \indent Driven by the above problems, in this paper we propose a novel multi-task learning of cascaded CNN method, termed MCFA, for FAC. Three different but related tasks (i.e., face detection, facial landmark localization and FAC) are simultaneously trained by taking advantage of multi-task learning. Notice that FAC is our target task and the other two tasks (i.e., face detection and facial landmark localization) are the auxiliary tasks. We aim to exploit the inherent dependencies between the target task and auxiliary tasks to improve the performance of FAC. More specifically, the proposed MCFA method jointly trains three cascaded sub-networks (i.e., S \_Net, M \_Net and L \_Net) under three different scales in a unified framework for FAC. The whole framework performs multi-task learning in a coarse-to-fine manner. In addition, a novel dynamic weighting scheme is proposed for automatically assigning the loss weights corresponding to the facial attributes. In this manner, the CNN training stage focuses on classifying the more difficult facial attributes, thus leading to performance improvements. \indent The major contributions of this paper are summarized as follows: \indent _inline_eq_ We propose a novel and effective method for FAC, which takes advantage of multi-task learning to train three related tasks simultaneously. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first work to perform multi-task learning in a unified framework for predicting multiple facial attributes simultaneously. As a result, the performance of FAC can be effectively improved by exploiting the inherent dependencies among different tasks. \indent _inline_eq_ Different from the conventional cascaded method _cite_ which independently trains each stage, the proposed MCFA method jointly trains different sub-networks in a cascaded manner. Therefore, the proposed MCFA method can achieve end-to-end optimization for better performance. \indent _inline_eq_ Instead of using the fixed loss weights in the loss function, a dynamic weighting scheme, which automatically and dynamically learns the loss weights, is developed by considering the differences between facial attributes. Thus, the proposed MCFA method concentrates on predicting the more difficult facial attributes.