Optical flow estimation seeks for perceiving the motion information across consecutive video frames, and has a wide range of vision applications such as human action recognition and abnormal event detection. Despite the significant progress in the literature, optical flow estimation is still confronted with a number of difficulties in discriminative feature representation, correspondence structure modeling, computational flexibility, etc. In this paper, we focus on how to set up an effective learning pipeline that is capable of performing multi-scale correspondence structure modeling with discriminative feature representation in a flexible end-to-end deep learning framework. Due to the effectiveness in statistical modeling, learning based approaches emerge as an effective tool of optical flow estimation~ _cite_ . Usually, these approaches either just take image matching at a single scale into account, or take a divide-and-conquer strategy that copes with image matching at multiple scales layer by layer. Under the circumstances of complicated situations (e.g., large inter-image displacement or complex motion), they are often incapable of effectively capturing the interaction or dependency relationships among the multi-scale inter-image correspondence structures, which play an important role in robust optical flow estimation. Furthermore, their matching strategies are often carried out in the following two aspects. N) Set a fixed range of correspondence at a single scale in the learning process~ _cite_ ; and N) update the matching range dynamically with a coarse-to-fine scheme~ _cite_ . In practice, since videos have time-varying dynamic properties, selecting an appropriate fixed range for matching is difficult for adapting to various complicated situations. Besides, the coarse-to-fine scheme may cause matching error propagations or accumulations from coarse scales to fine scales. Therefore, for the sake of robust optical flow estimation, correspondence structure modeling ought to be performed in an adaptive multi-scale collaborative way. Moreover, it is crucial to effectively capture the cross-scale dependency information while preserving spatial self-correlations for each individual scale in a totally data-driven fashion. Motivated by the above observations, we propose a novel unified end-to-end optical flow estimation approach called Multi-Scale Correspondence Structure Learning (MSCSL) (as shown in Fig.~ _ref_), which jointly models the dependency of multi-scale correspondence structures by a Spatial Conv-GRU neural network model based on multi-level deep learning features. To summarize, the contributions of this work are twofold: