Visual tracking is a hot topic for its wide applications in many computer vision tasks, such as video surveillance, behaviour analysis, augmented reality, to name a few. Though many trackers~ _cite_ have been proposed to address this task, designing a robust visual tracking system is still challenging as the tracked target may undergo large deformations, rotations and other challenges. Numerous recent studies apply the correlation filter (CF) for robust visual tracking. With low computational load, the CF-based tracker can exploit large numbers of cyclically shifted samples for learning, thus showing superior performance. However, as the correlation filter takes the entire image as the positive sample and the cyclically shifted images as negative ones, the learned filters are likely to be influenced by the background regions. Existing methods (\eg~ _cite_) address this problem by incorporating a spatial regularization on the filter, so that the learned filter weights focus on the central part of the target object. In~ _cite_, the authors prove that the correlation filter method can be used to simulate the conventional ridge regression method. By multiplying the filter with a binary mask, the tracker is able to generate the real training samples having the same size as the target object, and thus better suppressing the background regions. However, this method has two limitations: first, it exploits the augmented Lagrangian method for model learning, which limits the model extension; second, even though the background region outside the bounding box is suppressed, the tracker may also be influenced by the background region inside the bounding box. With the great success of deep convolutional neural network (CNN) in object detection and classification, more and more CF based trackers resort to the pre-trained CNN model for robust target representation~ _cite_ . Since most of CNN models are pre-trained with respect to the task of object classification or detection, they tend to retain the features useful for distinguishing different categories of objects, and lose much information for instance level classification. Thus, the responses of the feature map are usually sparsely and non-uniformly distributed, which makes the learned filter weights inevitably highlight the high response regions. In this case, the tracking results are dominated by such high response regions, while these regions are in fact not always reliable (see Figure~ _ref_ for an example) . In this paper, we present a novel CF-based optimization problem to clearly learn the discrimination and reliability information, and then develop an effective tracking method (denoted as DRT) . The concept of the base filter is proposed to focus on discrimination learning. To do this, we introduce the local response consistency constraint into the traditional CF framework. This constraint ensures that the responses generated by different sub-regions of the base filter have small difference, thereby emphasizing the similar importance of each sub-region. The reliability weight map is also considered in our formula. It is online jointly learned with the base filter and is aimed at learning the reliability information. The base filter and reliability term are jointly optimized by the alternating direction method, and their element-wise product produces effective filter weights for the tracking task. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method (see Figure~ _ref_ and Section~ _ref_) . Our contributions are four folds: