With recent advancements in range sensors (i.e. LiDAR and RGBD cameras) and imaging technologies (i.e. ND MRI), the amount of available ND geometric data has explosively increased in a variety of applications such as engineering, entertainment, and medicine _cite_ . It is therefore of great interests to develop methods that can automatically analyze the large amount of ND geometric data for different tasks (e.g., ND object recognition, classification and retrieval) . To that end, a lot of effort have been made, many of which have been focused on building robust ND shape representations. However, the structural variation of ND objects (i.e. ND human models with different poses, ND car models with various design pattern) pose great challenges on learning a high-quality ND shape descriptor. Recently, the deep learning techniques (i.e. convolutional networks (CNNs)) have demonstrated significant improvement of the performance in an ND image object recognition _cite_ as well as the efficiency and effectiveness in other computer vision tasks _cite_ . The promising performance of deep neural networks motivates ND computer vision researchers transform the ND geometric data to ND Voxel grids (volumetric shapes) in regular format so that the ND data can be fed to a deep net architecture _cite_ for further processing. While the extension of the deep learning to volumetric shapes is conceptually simple, the computational intractability of direct application of ND convolutional nets to ND data severely limits the efficiency (i.e. slow processing) and effectiveness (i.e. unsatisfied accuracy) in processing ND geometric data for object recognition _cite_ . It is reported in _cite_ that the computational intractability often caused ``nightmare'' for ND convolutional nets in representing ND volumetric shapes. We will review recent related works in deep neural networks including CNNs and RNNs, deep learning for ND shape descriptor for object recognition as well as adversarial networks. Learning a deformation-invariant shape descriptor from a large collection of ND geometric data with significant structural variation is of great importance as the quality of the shape descriptor ultimately determines the ND object recognition. Related works mainly include three parts: N) hand-crafted ND shape descriptors, N) data-driven shape feature learning, N) adversarial networks. ND shape descriptor are succinct and compact representations of ND object that capture the geometric essence of a ND object. Some existing shape descriptors have been developed to describe the ND objects _cite_ . The earlier DN shape distribution, statistical moments, Fourier descriptor, Light Field Descriptor, Eigenvalue Descriptor have been proposed to describe the ND shape particularly for rigid ND objects. The Spin Image _cite_ was developed based on the dense collection of ND points and surface normals. There are also few histograms (i.e. geometry histogram in _cite_), feature histogram _cite_ and signatures of histograms) shape descriptors developed based on the distribution of a type of statistical geometric properties. The efforts on robust ND shape feature are further developed by heat diffusion geometry. A global shape descriptor, named temperature distribution (TD) descriptor, is developed based on HKS information at a single scale to represent the entire shape _cite_ . Hand-crafted shape descriptors are often not robust enough to deal with structural variations and incompleteness present in ND real-world models, and are often not able to be generalized to data of different modality. Discriminative feature learning from large datasets provides an alternative way to construct deformation-invariant features. The bag-of-features (BOF) is first introduced to learn to extract a frequency histogram of geometric words for shape retrieval _cite_ . To learn global features, _cite_ adopted auto-encoder with the distribution of HKS learns a deformation-invariant shape descriptor. Recent advancement in deep learning motivates researchers to learn a ND shape descriptor from a large-scale dataset using deep neural networks. However, to feed the ND geometric data to neural networks, the ND geometric data are often transformed to ND Voxel grids or a collections of ND projection images from different views. Voxelization-based methods: The volumetric representation plays an important role in computer graphics community since the Ns. It provides a uniform, simple and robust description to synthetic and measured objects and founds the basis of volume graphics _cite_ . In other words, voxel is an extension of pixel, and the binary volume is an extension of binary image. Recently, many researchers begin to develop ND CNN on volumetric shapes. _cite_ voxelizes the ND shape into ND grids and train a generative model for ND shape recognition using convolutional deep belief network. Similarly, _cite_ proposed a real-time ND supervised learning architecture on volumetric ND shapes. Apart from supervised CNN, _cite_ generate ND objects from a probabilistic space by leveraging advances in volumetric convolutional networks and generative adversarial nets, and the unsupervisedly learned features can be widely used in ND object recognition. Besides, _cite_ proposed a ND convolutional auto-encoder for recognizing ND shape. Projection-based methods: Differ from the direct ND representation, the ND shapes can also be projected to ND space. _cite_ proposed a multi-view CNN for ND shape recognition by using CNN to extract visual features from images with different views, and employing max-pooling across views to learn one compact shape descriptor. The LFD _cite_ extract features from the light fields rendered from cameras on a sphere exhaustively to improve the robustness against rotations. By the same means, _cite_ proposed a coding framework for constructing a compact descriptor based on a set of ND views in the format of depth buffer rendered from each ND object. A classifier (i.e. deep neural network) unfortunately starts losing the incentive for better recognizing an object with a correct class label when it becomes more widely trained and deployed _cite_ . Recent studies _cite_ have shown that adversarial training, where a set of neural networks jointly learn together by pursuing competing goals, can help classifier dramatically improve the recognition performance benefiting from learning with more adversarial examples that were intentionally designed to cause the classifier to make mistakes. One promising technique that trains the deep neural network with adversarial loss is Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), which has recently received great popularity due to its ability to learn deep feature representations without extensively annotated/labeled training data. GANs was proposed to train generative models in an adversarial process where two networks (generator network and discriminator network) are modeled as two players in a min-max game. A generator network is learning to produce synthetic data to resemble real ones and a discriminator network distinguish between the generator’s output and true data. The GANs have been successfully applied in various applications such as ND model synthesis _cite_, ND image synthesis _cite_, image super resolution _cite_, style transfer _cite_ and etc. In addition, recent works of adversarial learning at feature level rather than object level has shown its promising capability of discriminative feature learning. Recent development of Fader Networks _cite_, with Generator and Discriminator competing in the latent space opens up new direction towards robust adversarial feature learning. Given the ability to learn discriminative representation, we propose a novel framework, named ND Deep Dense Descriptor Learning with Adversarial Networks (ND-A-Net), to learn a deformation-invariant ND shape descriptor with an adversarial process as described below. Inspired by this new direction of adversarial feature learning, this paper proposed to learn ND shape adversarial features for robust ND recognition and retrieval. This paper will focus on N) development of new multilayer dense data representation (MDR) of ND object to reduce the computational load for more efficient processing, and N) development of more effective network architecture (ND-A-Nets) via a novel design of deep adversarial networks that jointly train a set of convolution neural network (CNN), recurrent neural network (RNN) and an adversarial discriminator for the robust ND deep dense shape descriptor (ND-DDSD) for volumetric shapes. Figure _ref_ and Figure _ref_ illustrate the pipeline of the proposed method. There are four main components. The first component is a ND shape database where a large number of ND volumetric data are stored. The second component is generation of multilayer dense representation of ND volumetric where each slice of representation is an integration of multi-segments along one particular axis. The third component is the feature generator which consists of a CNN and a many-to-one ConvLSTM _cite_ . The CNN is used to extract the geometric feature in each slice whereas the ConvLSTM is used to explore the spatial information across different slices. The ND shape feature produced by generator in this component are learnt towards the clustering of samples from same category. Whereas the fourth component, a discriminator, is trained to assign the generated feature with incorrect adversarial class labels. There are two communication routes in the pipeline, in which the route along the red arrow is utilized as jointly train a set of CNN, RNN and an adversarial discriminator for the learning of ND deep dense shape descriptor. The route along the blue arrow is for the testing data. After training, feature generator is used to produce the ND deep dense shape descriptor (ND-DDSD) .