ND instance segmentation seeks to segment all instances of the objects of interest (RoI) in ND images. This is a fundamental task in computer vision and biomedical image analysis. Recent successes at acquiring ND biomedical image data _cite_ put even higher demand on ND instance segmentation. However, annotation of ND biomedical images to produce sufficient training data for deep learning models is often highly expensive and time-consuming, because only experts can annotate biomedical images well and no direct annotation technique is yet available for ND biomedical images. Further, although many ND weakly supervised methods _cite_ were developed to reduce annotation efforts, they are not directly applicable to ND images. A common way to label ND biomedical images is full annotation (i.e., all voxels of all RoI instances are annotated) . This may work for voxel-level ND segmentation networks _cite_, but instance segmentation demands much higher workload to annotate a sufficient (large) amount of instances for model training. Hence, using full annotation for ND instance segmentation is impractical and annotation difficulties are a major obstacle impeding the development of deep learning models for ND instance segmentation. Recent ND instance detection and segmentation methods achieved good performance _cite_ . However, in addition to the above annotation difficulties for ND instance segmentation, extending such ND approaches to ND directly faces considerable challenges (e.g., GPU memory limit) . In _cite_, ND pixel segmentation results were stacked as ND voxel segmentation results, and an algorithm (of high complexity) was then applied to the voxel segmentation results to conduct ND instance segmentation. Although ND annotation and the ND model _cite_ did not suffer GPU memory issues as much, without taking advantage of ND context information, the stacked voxel segmentation results were not very accurate, and due to high algorithm complexity _cite_, processing a dense ND stack took hours. To train a fast ND instance segmentation model without high ND annotation effort, in this paper, we present an end-to-end deep learning ND instance segmentation model utilizing weak annotation. Our model needs only ND bounding boxes for all instances and full voxel annotation for a small amount of instances (Fig.~ _ref_ (a)-(b)) . The model has two stages. In the first stage, the model detects all instances utilizing ND bounding box annotation; in the second stage, the model segments all detected instances utilizing full voxel annotation for a small amount of instances (Fig.~ _ref_ (c)-(d)) . We adopt the design of VoxRes block _cite_ to allow information propagating directly in both the forward and backward directions. We evaluate our ND instance segmentation approach on several datasets, and the experimental results show that (N) with full annotated boxes and a small amount of masks, our approach can achieve similar performance as the best known methods using full annotation, and (N) with similar annotation time, our approach outperforms the best known methods that use full annotation. \iffalse