With the development of the Internet and mobile devices, demand for streaming media and cloud service have skyrocketed. These services need a lot of storage to store multimedia, and it is crucial to compress data using lossy compression techniques before storing. Higher compression level is better in terms of storage, but it could cause serious local distortion to images. However, if we can detect the region in which the distortions occurred, we can correct the problem by dynamic compression techniques. Such techniques reduce the compression level of detected distortion regions and re-compress using the reduced level. Our motivation for conducting this research is to build a system that detects the distortion region and performs compression dynamically. Hence, automatic distortion detection is an essential part of this system. However, despite the importance of this task, recent image quality assessment (IQA) methods only focus on predicting perceptual quality scores, such as the mean opinion score (MOS) _cite_ . One might question the validity of the assumption that multiple distortions exist in a single image. While it is true that distortions in an image are likely to occur globally rather than locally, we consider a situation where individual images are assembled to form a larger one. For example, when creating a panorama picture, the compression of each shot may be subjected to independent distortion. When the individual shots are combined to form the full photo, it might end up with localized distortions. In recent years, many deep learning based IQA approaches have been proposed, especially for non-reference IQA (NR-IQA) . NR-IQA methods perform image quality assessment without any direct comparison between the reference and the distorted image. The IQA-CNN~ _cite_ model is the first such model that applies deep learning in IQA task. This model uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) composed of five layers, that achieves the result comparable to the full-reference IQA (FR-IQA) methods, such as FSIM~ _cite_ . Deeper networks have been used in~ _cite_, whose structure is inspired by the VGGNet~ _cite_, and yields results that surpass FR-IQA approaches. DeepBIQ~ _cite_ is the first to use pre-trained CNN and show state-of-the-art result in the IQA task. However, although there exist many outstanding results, the distortion classification task remains mostly unchallenged. Two notable exceptions to this are the IQA-CNN + and the IQA-CNN + + ~ _cite_, that predict both the MOS and the distortion type with the similar network used in IQA-CNN. One shortcoming of these models is that they are shallow architectures, and thus might have limited capacity to successfully solve our task. In addition, to best to our knowledge, distortion detection task with deep learning method has not been applied yet. The reason is twofold: First, there is no sufficiently large distortion detection dataset suitable for deep learning, and second, detection task is a much more challenging problem than a classification or predicting MOS are. The difficulty of distortion detection is based on the fact that images can have heterogeneous and multiple distortion types. In general, most IQA datasets contain only homogeneous distortion types that make prediction relatively easy. To tackle these issues, we created a new dataset for both distortion classification and detection. Then we apply pre-trained CNNs such as VGGNet _cite_ and ResNet _cite_ for distortion classification. Finally, we use deep learning based detection methods such as single shot multi-box detector (SSD) _cite_ to locate the distortion regions. Our main contributions are as follows: N) We create a dataset for distortion classification and detection task. There are no publicly available such datasets. N) We fine-tune a pre-trained CNN to this dataset to get high performance. N) We propose a distortion detection system that uses an existing CNN model trained to achieve good performance in object detection task. To the best of our knowledge, our method is the first attempt to use deep learning based detection method in distortion detection task. Section~ _ref_ presents our dataset, followed by the description for our system in Section~ _ref_ . Experiments and results are explained in Section~ _ref_, and finally conclusion in Section~ _ref_ .