Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women worldwide, with over N million new cases diagnosed in N _cite_ . Cancer assessment is influenced by environmental and clinical factors, but it is universally accepted that tumor proliferation speed (tumor growth) is an important biomarker representative of progression rate and outcomes _cite_ . Specifically, high proliferation speed is associated with worse outcomes _cite_ . The assessment of this biomarker critically influences patient treatment plans, allowing for patients with more aggressive tumors to be treated with the corresponding therapy _cite_ . In a clinical setting, tumor proliferation is manually assessed by pathologists under a regime of counting mitotic figures in hematoxylin \& eosin (H \&E) stained histological slide preparations that are examined under a high powered microscope. Although ubiquitous, the process of counting mitoses has been reported to suffer from reproducibility problems that reflect the underlying subjectivity of the process _cite_ . In addition, the simple methodology of pathologist mitosis counting and subsequent thresholding fails to account for pathological features including tumor extent, tissue density, and relative mitosis density. The mean expression of eleven prognostic RNA sequences, an objective measure of the proliferation score, requires extensive ex vivo molecular tests, relegating current practices to an inadequate and subjective pathologist diagnosis _cite_ . This study introduces a comprehensive deep learning-based pipeline constructing and unifying models across several associated tasks of tumor localization, mitotic figure identification, and high-level feature extraction to classify categorical tumor grades (N--N) and predict RNA proliferation speed scores from histological whole slide images (WSIs) . Furthermore, we aim to identify salient biomarkers related to tumor diagnosis to serve as the basis for future studies. The data-driven integrative approach presented here is generalizable and will be useful to analyze other cancerous tumors.