Chronic wounds are a major threat to public health and economy. They are the byproduct of the frailty associated with either aging or diabetic patients, with a growing number worldwide _cite_ . These wounds require frequent visits to hospital and do not heal for months and often years, and if left open, the patient is increasingly subject to risk of infection, amputation and even death. On the other hand, the healthcare cost to provide properly and personalized care to these patients is enormous. Therefore, there is a pressing need for automatic approaches to aid caregivers and medical personnel. The first step for wound treatment is wound grading, in which medics describe the wound by its dimensions and the color of its tissue composition. There are N tissue types commonly present at the wound site _cite_: necrotic, sloughy, healthy granulating, unhealthy granulating, hyper granulating, infected, and epithelizing. {\em Necrotic} is the dead tissue and is black in color. It occurs when skin cells inside of the wound die off. The {\em sloughy} tissue is a type of wet necrotic tissue that is detaching itself from the wound site, and is often seen white, yellow or grey in color. {\em Healthy granulating} is the new grown tissue that is generated when the wound surface area is starting to heal by tiny blood vessels that appear at the surface, with light red or pink in color, and will be moist. {\em Unhealthy granulating} tissue is when the process of granulation is irritated by problems such as infection or lack of good blood supply, and appears dark red, bluish, or very pale, and may indicate ischemia or infection in the wound. {\em Hyper granulating} tissue is the tissue that grows above the wound margin when the proliferative phase of healing is prolonged usually as a result of bacterial imbalance or irritant forces. {\em Infected} tissue is greenish color tissue with foul smell caused by bacterial infection that may spread to different parts of the wound and it surrounding tissues. Finally, {\em epithelizing} tissue is a group of tightly-packed cells that provides protective layers over the granulating tissue. Several automatic wound tissue classification approaches have been proposed in the literature, such as _cite_ . As the first step, wound area is selected using either automatic (e.g. in _cite_) or semi-automatic (e.g. in _cite_) techniques. Following is usually the image pre-processing step for color correction and white balance estimation (e.g. in _cite_) . Tissue classification step is then performed, by incorporating one or several image descriptors and classification. The most commonly used features are color histograms (e.g. in _cite_, texture parameters such as entropy, sum of squares variance, wavelet, and local binary patterns (LBP) (e.g. in _cite_) . While there are differences in the requirements and robustness of these approaches, an important assumption in seemingly all of these approaches has undermined their usability. These methods assume that there are (Necrotic, Sloughy, and Granulation) present at the wound bed, ignoring and combining other types. This is while in modern medical practices chronic wound tissues are categorized into the aforementioned N types, with each one affecting the treatment procedures. Clustering the real N tissue types into N clusters can therefore be insufficient for clinical use. In this work, we propose an automatic wound tissue classification system that correlates to actual clinical assessment and supports clinical decision making. Working with wound professionals, we firstly collected a dataset of chronic wounds and labeled into N types. We propose to use layers of a pre-trained deep neural network (DNN) as high-level image representations, and subject them to dimensionality reduction. This smaller set of features is then used to train an SVM classifier to label the wound image into N tissue types. For our experiments we use AlexNet _cite_ trained on LSVRC-N ImageNet training set _cite_ . Our results on N clinically assessed chronic wound images and comparison with previous approaches show accurate and robust classification of N tissue types. Our contributions in this work are included: (I) address the fine-grained, clinically-relevant wound tissue classification problem of N tissue types. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to classify more than N wound tissue types. (II) propose an accurate and robust wound tissue analysis using DNN model transfer. (III) We will make available an image dataset with clinically approved labeling. Labeled dataset for wound is scarce and requires tremendous effort to build, but is important for wound assessment research. (IV) We solve an NP-hard optimization based on Knapsack problem to reach a balanced distribution of tissue types in both train and test sets.