Climate change is causing detrimental effects to society's well being as temperatures increase, extreme events become more intense _cite_, and sea levels rise _cite_ . Natural resources that society depends on, such as agriculture, freshwater, and coastal systems, are vulnerable to increasing temperatures and more extreme weather events. Similarly transportation systems, energy systems, and urban infrastructure allowing society to function efficiently continue to degrade due to the changing climate. Furthermore, the health and security of human beings, particularly those living in poverty, are vulnerable to extreme weather events with increasing intensity, duration, and frequency~ _cite_ . Scientists and stakeholders across areas such as ecology, water, and infrastructures, require access to credible and relevant climate data for risk assessment and adaptation planning. Earth System Models (ESMs) are physics-based numerical models which run on massive supercomputers to project the Earth’s response to changes in atmospheric greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions scenarios. Archived ESM outputs are some of the principal data products used across many disciplines to characterize the likely impacts and uncertainties of climate change~ _cite_ . These models encode physics into dynamical systems coupling atmospheric, land, and ocean effects. ESMs provide a large number of climate variables, such as temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity, and pressure, for scientists to study and evaluate impacts. The computationally demanding nature of ESMs limits spatial resolution between N and N degrees. These resolutions are too course to resolve critical physical processes, such as convection which generates heavy rainfall, or to assess the stakeholder-relevant local impacts of significant changes in the attributes of these processes~ _cite_ . Downscaling techniques are used to mitigate the low spatial resolution of ESMs through dynamical and statistical modeling. Dynamical downscaling, also referred to as regional climate models (RCMs), account for local physical processes, such as convective and vegetation schemes, with sub-grid parameters within ESM boundary conditions for high-resolution projections. Like ESMs, RCMs are computationally demanding and are not transferable across regions. In contrast, the statistical downscaling (SD) technique learns a functional form to map ESMs to high resolution projections by incorporating observational data. A variety of statistical and machine learning models, including linear models~ _cite_, neural networks~ _cite_, and support vector machines~ _cite_, have been applied to SD and is discussed further in section N (Related Work) . Despite the availability of many techniques, we are not aware of any SD method which explicitly captures spatial dependencies in both low-resolution and high-resolution climate data. Furthermore, traditional methods require observational data at the high-resolution target, meaning that regions with little observation data, often the poorest regions which are most effected by climate change, are unable to receive downscaled climate data needed for adaptation. The lack of explicit spatial models in SD of ESMs motivated us to study the applicability of computer vision approaches, most often applied to images, to this problem. More specifically, advances in single image super-resolution (SR) correspond well to SD, which learn a mapping between low-and high-resolution images. Moreover, as SR methods attempt to generalize across images, we aim to provide downscaled climate projections to areas without high-resolution observations through what may be thought of as transfer learning. Though we will discuss this topic further in section N (Related Work), we found that super-resolution convolutional neural networks were able to capture spatial information in climate data to improve beyond existing methods. Lastly, we present a framework using our super-resolution approach to downscale ensemble ESMs over the Continental United States (CONUS) at a daily temporal scale for four emission scenarios by using NASA's Earth Exchange (NEX) platform. NEX provides a platform for scientific collaboration, knowledge sharing and research for the Earth science community. As part of NEX, along with many other earth science data products, NASA scientists have already made monthly downscaled ESMs for CONUS up to the year N at N arc seconds (NEX-DCPN) that are openly available to the public. However, the downscaling methodology, bias correction spatial disaggregation, has limitations and the monthly scale reduces the applicability to studying extreme events. The improvement of such data products is vital for scientists to study local impacts of climate change to resources society depends on. The key contributions are as follows: The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Section N (Earth Science Data) presents necessary data used for SD along with their associated challenges. Section N (Statistical Downscaling) discusses the problem of SD. Section N (Related Work) discusses techniques previously applied to SD along with an overview of super-resolution methods. Furthermore, we discuss the relationships between images and climate data. Section N (Methodology) presents DeepSD, the augmented stacked super-resolution convolutional neural network formulation. In section N (Experiments) we compare our method to another SD technique and three off-the-shelf machine learning approaches and outline the process by which we will scale our method to many climate model simulations. In section N (conclusion) we briefly discuss results, limitations, and future work.