This paper addresses the problem of the detection of small structures in ND images. We aim at developing a machine learning method requiring the least possible annotations for training. Several deep learning techniques _cite_ have recently been proposed for ND segmentation. These methods use fully convolutional networks (FCN) _cite_ with a downsampling and upsampling path and can therefore detect small regions and fine details. Although efforts have been made to reduce the amount of annotations required with e.g, sparse annotations _cite_, these techniques still need pixel-wise annotations for training. Acquiring those is very time-consuming and often not feasible for large datasets. \let \thefootnote \relax In _cite_ the authors propose ND localization networks requiring only global image labels for their training. They aggregate the last features maps of their network into scalars thanks to a global pooling layer and can therefore compute a classification. Heatmaps can be obtained as a weighted sum of these feature maps. These heatmaps indicate which regions of the image contributed the most to the classification results. Because of the downsampling introduced by the pooling operations in the network, the heatmaps are several times smaller than the original input image, which makes it impossible to detect very small structures. In _cite_ a similar technique is applied to ND CT lung data. This network splits into two branches, one with fully connected layers for classification, and the other with a global pooling layer for localization. The loss is computed as a weighted sum of these two terms. However, as in _cite_, this network is not suitable for the detection of small structures. In this paper we propose a method to learn fine pixelwise detection from image-level labels. By combining global pooling with a fully convolutional architecture including upsampling steps as in the popular U-Net _cite_, we compute a heatmap of the size of the input. This heatmap reveals the presence of the targeted structures. During the training, unlike _cite_ or _cite_ where the authors use a classification network, the weights of the network are optimized to solve a regression task, where the objective is to predict the number of lesions. We evaluate our method on the detection of enlarged perivascular spaces (EPVS) in the basal ganglia in MRI. EPVS is an emerging biomarker for cerebral small vessel disease. The detection of EPVS is a challenging task-even for a human observer-because of the very small size and variable shape. In _cite_ the authors propose different EPVS segmentation methods. However detection of individual EPVS has not been addressed much in the literature. Only _cite_ proposes an automatic method for this, but this method requires pixel-wise annotated scans for training.