Increasing attention is devoted to detection of small faces with an image resolution as low as N pixels of height~ _cite_ . Meanwhile, facial analysis techniques, such as face alignment~ _cite_ and verification~ _cite_, have seen rapid progress. However, the performance of most existing techniques would degrade when given a low resolution facial image, because the input naturally carries less information, and images corrupted with down-sampling and blur would interfere the facial analysis procedure. Face hallucination~ _cite_, a task that super-resolves facial images, provides a viable means for improving low-res face processing and analysis, e.g. person identification in surveillance videos and facial image enhancement. Prior on face structure, or face spatial configuration, is pivotal for face hallucination~ _cite_ . The availability of such prior distinguishes the face hallucination task from the general image super-resolution problem~ _cite_, where the latter lacks of such global prior to facilitate the inference. In this study, we extend the notion of prior to pixel-wise dense face correspondence field. We observe that an informative prior provides a strong semantic guidance that enables face hallucination even from a very low resolution. Here the dense correspondence field is necessary for describing the spatial configuration for its pixel-wise (not by facial landmarks) and correspondence (not by face parsing) properties. The importance of dense field will be reflected in Sec.~ _ref_ . An example is shown in Fig.~ _ref_--even an eye is only visible from a few pixels in a low-res image, one can still recover its qualitative details through inferring from the global face structure. Nevertheless, obtaining an accurate high-res pixel-wise correspondence field is non-trivial given only the low-res input. First, the definition of the high-res dense field is by itself ill-posed because the gray-scale of each pixel is distributed to adjacent pixels on the interpolated image (Fig.~ _ref_ (c)) . Second, the blur causes difficulties for many existing face alignment or parsing algorithms~ _cite_ because most of them rely on sharp edge information. Consequently, we face a chicken-and-egg problem-face hallucination is better guided by face spatial configuration, while the latter requires a high resolution face. This issue, however, has been mostly ignored or bypassed in previous works (Sec.~ _ref_) . In this study, we propose to address the aforementioned problem with a novel task-alternating cascaded framework, as shown as Fig.~ _ref_ (d) . The two tasks at hand-the high-level face correspondence estimation and low-level face hallucination are complementary and can be alternatingly refined with the guidance from each other. Specifically, motivated by the fact that both tasks are performed in a cascaded manner~ _cite_, they can be naturally and seamlessly integrated into an alternating refinement process. During the cascade iteration, the dense correspondence field is progressively refined with the increasing face resolution, while the image resolution is adaptively upscaled guided by the finer dense correspondence field. To better recover different levels of texture details on faces, we propose a new gated deep bi-network architecture in the face hallucination step in each cascade. Deep convolutional neural networks have demonstrated state-of-the-art results for image super resolution~ _cite_ . In contrast to aforementioned studies, the proposed network consists two functionality-specialized branches, which are trained end-to-end. The first branch, referred as common branch, conservatively recovers texture details that are only detectable from the low-res input, similar to general super resolution. The other branch, referred as high-frequency branch, super-resolves faces with the additional high-frequency prior warped by the estimated face correspondence field in the current cascade. Thanks to the guidance of prior, this branch is capable of recovering and synthesizing un-revealed texture details in the overly low-res input image. A pixel-wise gate network is learned to fuse the results from the two branches. Figure~ _ref_ demonstrates the properties of the gated deep bi-network. As can be observed, the two branches are complementary. Although the high-frequency branch synthesizes the facial parts that are occluded (the eyes with sun-glasses), the gate network automatically favours the results from the common branch during fusion. We refer the proposed framework as Cascaded Bi-Networks (CBN) hereafter. We summarize our contribution as follows: We perform extensive experiments against general super-resolution and face hallucination approaches on various benchmarks. Our method not only achieves high Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR), but also superior quality perceptually. Demo codes will be available in our project page _url_ .