Change detection is an integral part of the analysis of satellite imagery, and it has been studied for several decades _cite_ . It consists of comparing a registered pair of images of the same region and identifying the parts where a change has occurred, e.g. vegetation evolution or urban changes. A label is assigned to each pixel: change or no change. The nature of the changes that are detected may vary with the desired application, such as vegetation changes or urban changes (artificialization) . Change detection is a crucial step for analysing temporal Earth observation sequences in order to build evolution maps of land cover, urban expansion, deforestation, etc. With the rise of open access Earth observation from programs such as Copernicus and Landsat, large amounts of data are available. The Sentinel-N satellites generate time series of multispectral images of Earth's landmasses with resolutions varying between Nm and Nm. Despite the abundance of raw data, there is a lack of open labelled datasets using these images which can be used for quantitative comparison and evaluation of new proposed change detection algorithms. Labelled datasets are also necessary for developing supervised learning methods, which have in the last few years been used to achieve the state-of-the-art results in many problems in the areas of computer vision and image processing. Machine learning techniques such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been on the rise not only due to the exponential growth of the available computing power, but also to the increasingly large amounts of available data. These techniques can not be adequately applied to the problem of change detection while there is a lack of data that can be used for training these systems. Change detection has a long history. The first techniques that were proposed used manually crafted processes to identify changes, while later methods have proposed using machine learning algorithms in different ways _cite_ . Recent advances in machine learning algorithms for image analysis have not yet taken over the area of change detection due to the lack of large amounts of training data. Thus, some methods have been proposed recently to use transfer learning to circumvent this problem~ _cite_ . While transfer learning is a valid option, it may limit the reach of the proposed methods. For example, the vast majority of the large CNNs trained on big datasets use RGB images, while the Sentinel-N images contain N useful bands, most of which would need to be ignored when using such a system. Moreover, the recently proposed deep learning algorithms for change detection have mostly been designed to generate a difference image which is manually thresholded _cite_ . This avoids end-to-end training, which tends to achieve better results and faster execution. Related to change detection, deep learning techniques have been developed for computer vision applications with the aim of comparing image pairs _cite_ . The aim of this paper is twofold. The first contribution that is presented in this paper is the development of an urban change detection dataset of image pairs and pixel-wise labels to be used for training, testing and comparing change detection algorithms: the Onera Satellite Change Detection (OSCD) dataset will be openly available on the internet . This dataset was created using the multispectral images taken by the Sentinel-N satellites of places with different levels of urbanization in several different countries that have experienced urban growth and/or changes. The second contribution presented in this paper is the proposal of two different CNN architectures that aim to learn end-to-end change detection from this dataset in a fully supervised manner. This paper is structured as follows. Section~ _ref_ describes the methods and challenges for creating the urban change detection dataset, as well as information about what is contained in it. Section~ _ref_ describes the proposed supervised learning methods used for change detection. Section~ _ref_ presents the results for different tests which explore the reach and limitations of both the dataset and the proposed methods.