Infants receiving care in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) might experience up to several hundred painful procedures during their stay _cite_ . Pediatric studies have reported several long-term outcomes of repeated pain exposure in early life. For instance, it has been found _cite_ that repeated painful experience in neonates is associated with alterations in the cerebral white matter and subcortical grey matter and delayed cortico-spinal development. These alterations in neurodevelopment can result in a variety of behavioral, developmental and learning disabilities _cite_ . Other long-term outcomes of pain exposure that are reported _cite_ at school age include delayed visual–perceptual development, lower IQs, and internalizing behavior. The recognition of the adverse outcomes associated with neonatal pain exposure has led to the recommendation of using opioids such as Fentanyl and Morphine. Although analgesic medications can reduce the consequences of neonatal pain exposure, recent studies found a link between the excessive use of these medications and many short-and long-term side effects. Zwicker et al. _cite_ found that N-fold increase in Morphine, an agent commonly used for neonatal pain management, is associated with impaired cerebellar growth in the neonatal period and poorer neurodevelopmental outcomes in early childhood period. The long-term side effects of another well-known analgesic medication (i.e., Fentanyl) were discussed in _cite_ . This study described Fentanyl as an extremely potent analgesic and listed several side effects, such as neuroexcitation, respiratory depression, for using high doses of Fentanyl. These results suggest that the failure to recognize and treat pain when needed (i.e., under treatment) as well as the administration of analgesic medications in the absence of pain (i.e., over treatment) can cause serious outcomes and permanently changes the brain structure and functions. The annual cost of care related to adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm infants alone is estimated at over N billion dollars _cite_ . Because pain assessment is the cornerstone of pain management, the assessment of neonatal pain should be accurate and continuous. Currently, caregivers assess neonatal pain by observing behavioral (e.g., facial expression and crying) and physiological (e.g., vital signs changes) indicators using multidimensional pain scales such as NIPS (Neonatal Infant Pain Scale) _cite_, FLACC (Face, Legs, Activity, Crying, and Consolability) _cite_, and NFCS (Neonatal Facial Coding System) _cite_ . This practice is inconsistent because it depends highly on the observer bias. Additionally, it is discontinuous and requires a large number of well-trained nurses to ensure proper utilization of the tools. The discontinuous nature of the current practice as well as the inter-rater variation may result in delayed intervention and inconsistent treatment of pain. Therefore, developing automated and continuous tools that can generate immediate and more consistent pain assessment is crucial.