Deep learning (DL) methods have had a profound impact on computer vision and image analysis applications. Such methods are now ubiquitous and routinely employed for tasks that include image classification _cite_, segmentation _cite_, and image completion _cite_, to name a few. Until very recently, however, DL methods have not been utilized for the upstream task of improving the quality of the images themselves that are produced by computed imaging systems. The process of forming an image from a collection of measurements by use of a computational procedure is referred to as . Almost all modern imaging systems that are utilized in scientific or medical applications are computed in nature and utilize an image reconstruction method to form an image. The next wave in DL methodologies for imaging applications is likely to address the important task of improving the quality of images produced by computed imaging systems _cite_ . In many imaging applications, in order to reduce data-acquisition times or radiation doses in the case of X-ray-based systems, it is desirable to reconstruct an accurate image from an incomplete set of measurements. Here, an incomplete set of measurements refers to one that does not uniquely specify an image that can produce the measured data, even in the idealized situation where noise or other measurement errors are absent. In such cases, the measurement process is not described by an injective operator and therefore the inverse operator is not defined. Accordingly, image reconstruction from incomplete data corresponds to an ill-posed inverse problem and a regularized solution must be computed. Bayesian theory provides a natural framework for computing regularized solutions via penalized least squares estimators by incorporating information regarding the sought-after image. For example, image priors that describe sparseness properties are routinely employed and have proven to be successful for certain classes of problems. They are particularly effective when the measurement model satisfies the mathematical conditions prescribed by compressive sampling theory _cite_ . However, most computed imaging systems do not satisfy these conditions. Although recent advances in generative neural networks are exciting and encouraging _cite_ _cite_, the task of specifying an image prior that comprehensively describes the statistical properties of a specified ensemble of images remains a challenging task. Human observers can often reliably identify artifacts in reconstructed images. Codifying this knowledge in a mathematically tractable way such that it can be incorporated into a reconstruction method has proven difficult. These issues have limited the effectiveness of regularized methods for reconstructing images from inconsistent and/or incomplete measurement data. DL methods hold great promise for circumventing these limitations and may enable great improvements in image reconstruction performance when the measurement data are incomplete. As mentioned above, for this problem, there exists a large number of images that can produce the measured data; one of these images is the sought-after `true' image, while the others will contain artifacts and distortions. The fundamental problem is that it is difficult to design a regularization strategy (i.e., optimization program) that results in computation of the true solution, or some accurate approximation of it. To circumvent this, DL methods can be naturally employed to learn domain knowledge that is subsequently exploited by the reconstruction method to improve the accuracy of the reconstructed image. A DL-assisted image reconstruction method would be `intelligent' in the sense that it is able to utilize this domain knowledge to guide it to arrive at a solution that contains greatly reduced artifact levels as compared to a solution computed by use of a traditional reconstruction method. Intuitively, the DL-assisted reconstruction method would be able to avoid producing an image that contains strong artifacts because the DL model knows what those images look like. As described below, in terms of linear operator theory, the DL model would permit the reconstruction method to accurately estimate the null space component of the image that is invisible to the imaging system. In this paper, a DL-assisted image reconstruction method for use with incomplete data is proposed and investigated. Consider that two ensembles of images are available: one ensemble corresponds to artifact free (`true') images while the second contains images that are degraded by artifacts and distortions that are attributable to the incompleteness of the measurement data. A convolutional neural network (CNN) is trained by use of these data to learn a mapping that relates the true and artifact-laden images. This mapping is subsequently embedded within an iterative image reconstruction method to guide the iterative method toward a solution that contains greatly reduced artifact levels. The proposed approach holds conceptual similarities to the proximal gradient descent method, which alternates between taking a step along the gradient of some cost function and applying a proximal operator. In the proposed approach, the proximal operator is replaced by the mapping learned by the CNN and the gradient descent update is generalized by use of a reconstruction operator. A novel two-stage training scheme is introduced in order to train the CNN to be used within the proposed framework. Related Work Extensive work has been performed on applying DL methods to image restoration tasks, such as denoising or in-painting _cite_ . These tasks share similarities with image reconstruction tasks, but differ in the information provided as input. In image restoration, a degraded image is provided as input, while in image reconstruction, measurements corresponding to some operator applied to the image are provided. Typically, these measurements differ structurally in some significant way from the images themselves. Additionally, many image reconstruction methods require an initial guess of the true image, which itself may be a degraded image. Image restoration methods can be combined with image reconstruction methods as a post-processing step to try to correct any artifacts in the reconstructed image. However, since these restoration methods accept only an image as input, it is not possible to consider the measured data during this post-processing step. Thus, in summarizing the related work, the methods have been partitioned into those that apply DL-based image restoration methods to independently reconstructed images and those that consider the measured data as part of a larger DL-based image reconstruction approach. To contrast with the proposed approach, the image restoration methods will be referred to as single-pass approaches, as the images pass through DL-based network a single time. Deep Image Restoration: The problem of image restoration using DL techniques has been well-studied, and, as such, it is not possible to mention all the meaningful contributions. In _cite_, a deep residual network is proposed for the task of image super-resolution. In _cite_, an autoencoder style CNN is proposed which makes use of residual-style layers _cite_, and is applied to the tasks of image denoising and super-resolution. Recently, several groups has have used DL techniques to remove artifacts and noise from images reconstructed from incomplete and/or inconsistent measurement data _cite_ . Deep Image Reconstruction: Recently, several groups have proposed using DL techniques to improve image reconstruction. In _cite_, inference algorithms are unfolded into a series of layers and the parameters of those layers are optimized by a neural network. This technique has been expanded to incorporate many standard inference algorithms and applications _cite_ . In _cite_, the original image is directly estimated by a CNN. In _cite_, the original image is estimated by gradient descent where the estimated image is constrained to lie in the range of a generative CNN. In _cite_, the proximal operator is replaced by a denoising CNN for an image reconstruction problem. There has been a large amount of work conducted on understanding and improving the optimization of conventional CNNs for the task of image restoration. However, many of the deep image reconstruction techniques are more difficult to train than CNNs, which has limited the complexity of the DL models they employ. In this work, a DL-assisted reconstruction method is proposed that embeds a conventional CNN within an iterative framework. In this way, the method is able to exploit the power of a deep CNN that is relatively easy to train but also is responsive to the measured data.