Optical remote sensing images play an important role in maritime safety, maritime management, and illegal smuggling as they can provide more detailed information compared with SAR images. For remote sensing imagery, sea-land segmentation is aimed to separate coastline or wharf images into ocean region and land region, which is of great significance to ship detection and classification, since a clear coastline can reduce the number of ships in the wrong mark. The sea-land segmentation task is very challenging. First of all, the interference of the atmospheric factors could not be neglected. These factors include clouds, shadows, waves caused by the wind, and etc. Traditional thresholding based methods such as OTSU _cite_, LATM _cite_ often fails due to the complicated distribution of intensity and texture. Secondly, images containing the marine and terrestrial environment are of complex semantic contents. There probably are ships, inland waters, islands, and forests that confusing the algorithms. As a result, early learning based methods cannot solve the problems of misclassification. In the last several years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely developed in computer vision and semantic segmentation. For sea-land segmentation task, the SeNet _cite_ has been proposed, which combines the segmentation task and edge detection task into an end-to-end deconvNet _cite_ in a multi-task way. The SeNet also promoted the Local Regularized loss to decrease the misclassification. In their experiments, the SeNet achieved better results than original deconvNet. In fact, remote sensing images are usually of high resolution, for example, N _inline_eq_ N or N _inline_eq_ N. They contain both large areas and small targets in one image, which require deeper convolutional network to take both the high-level global features and the low-level local features into considerations. To solve this problem, in this paper we explored a novel network structure named DeepUNet for pixel-level sea-land segmentation. DeepUNet is an end-to-end fully convolutional network with two other kinds of short connections. We call them U connections and Plus connections. The main idea of the DeepUNet is to concatenate the layers in the contracting path to that of expansive path. High-resolution features from the contracting path are combined with the upsampled output. Hence a successive convolution layer can then learn to assemble a more precise output based on this information. Furthermore, to better extract high-level semantic information with less loss error, the proposed DeepUNet optimize the contracting path as well as the expansive path by introducing the DownBlock, the UpBlock and the Plus connections. In the DownBlock and the UpBlock, features before and after convolution layers are added together. This structure skips the invalid convolution operation and supplies a deeper and efficient convolution neural architecture. To prove the DeepUNet in sea-land segmentation, we collected images from different places and of various illuminated condition from the google earth (GE) . With the handicraft labeled ground truth images (GT), we compare the U-Net, SegNet and DeepUNet on the collected dataset. Experiments demonstrated that the DeepUNet achieve high precision-recall and FN-measure for both sea and land regions. In summary, this paper makes the following contributions to the community: The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. The section N reviews related works and differentiates our method from such works. The Section N and Section N introduce our proposed method as well as detailed implementations. Extensive experimental results and comparisons are presented in section N. And section N concludes this paper.