Large-scale datasets with diverse images and dense annotations _cite_ play an important role in computer vision and image understanding, but often come at the cost of vast amounts of labeling. In computer vision, this cost has spurred efforts to exploit weak labels _cite_,, the enormous amount of weak labels generated everyday on the web. A similar situation exists in the medical imaging domain, except that annotations are even more time consuming and require extensive clinical training, which precludes approaches like crowd-sourcing. Fortunately, like web data in computer vision, a vast, loosely-labeled, and largely untapped data source does exist in the form of hospital picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) . These archives house patient images and accompanying radiological reports, markings, and measurements performed during clinical duties. However, data is typically unsorted, unorganized, and unusable in standard supervised machine learning approaches. Developing means to fully exploit PACS radiology database becomes a major goal within the field of medical imaging. This work contributes to this goal of developing an approach to usefully mine, organize, and learn the relationships between lesions found within computed tomography (CT) images in PACS. Lesion detection, characterization, and retrieval is an important task in radiology _cite_ . The latest methods based on deep learning and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved significantly better results than conventional hand-crafted image features _cite_ . However, large amounts of training data with high quality labels are often needed. To address this challenge, we develop a system designed to exploit the routine markings and measurements of significant findings that radiologists frequently perform _cite_ . These archived measurements are potentially highly useful sources of data for computer-aided medical image analysis systems. However, they are basically unsorted and lack semantic labels,, lung nodule, mediastinal lymph node. We take a feature embedding and similarity graph approach to address this problem. First, we present a new dataset: DeepLesion, which was collected from the PACS of a major medical institute. It contains N, N axial CT slices from N, N CT imaging studies of N, N unique patients. There are N--N lesions in each image with accompanying bounding boxes and size measurements. The lesions are diverse but unorganized. Our goal is to understand them and discover their relationships. In other words, can we organize them so that we are able to (N) know their type and location; (N) find similar lesions in different patients,, content-based lesion retrieval; and (N) find similar lesions in the same patient,, lesion instance matching for disease tracking? As illustrates, the above problems can be addressed by learning feature representations for each lesion that keeps a proper similarity relationship,, lesions with similar attributes should have similar embeddings. To reduce annotation workload and leverage the intrinsic structure within CT volumes, we use three weak cues to describe each lesion: type, location, and size. Lesion types are obtained by propagating the labels of a small amount of seed samples to the entire dataset, producing pseudo-labels. The ND relative body location is obtained from a self-supervised body-part regression algorithm. Size is directly obtained by the radiological marking. We then define the similarity relationship between lesions based on a hierarchical combination of the cues. A triplet network with a sequential sampling strategy is utilized to learn the embeddings. We also apply a multi-scale multi-crop architecture to exploit both context and detail of the lesions, as well as an iterative refinement strategy to refine the noisy lesion-type pseudo-labels. Qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of our framework for several highly important applications. {\bf N)}, we show excellent performance on content-based lesion retrieval _cite_ . Effective solutions to this problem can help identify similar case histories, better understand rare disorders, and ultimately improve patient care _cite_ . We show that our embeddings can be used to find lesions similar in type, location, and size. Most importantly, the embeddings can match lesions with semantically similar body structures that are not specified in the training labels. {\bf N)}, the embeddings are also successfully applied in intra-patient lesion matching. Patients under therapy typically undergo CT examinations (studies) at intervals to assess the effect of treatments. Comparing lesions in follow-up studies with their corresponding ones in previous studies constitutes a major part of a radiologist's workload _cite_ . We provide an automated tool for lesion matching which can significantly save time, especially for patients with multiple follow-up studies _cite_ .