Hip fractures represent a significant clinical and public health problem worldwide. They are among the most common causes of hospitalisation, morbidity, and mortality in the elderly, with a lifetime risk of N \% for women and N \% for men . The all-cause mortality rate is over N \% within one year, and less than N \% of patients regain the ability to live independently . Diagnosis of a fracture is usually made with pelvic x-ray imaging, and such imaging accounts for N \% of all imaging referrals from the emergency department at our institution, a tertiary public hospital. To limit misdiagnosis, N-N \% of at-risk patients undergo further imaging, including additional x-rays, nuclear medicine bone scans, computed tomography (CT), or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), of which only a third demonstrate a fracture . Not only does this increase diagnostic costs and resource utilisation, but without access to these advanced imaging modalities (for example in remote and under-serviced regions) delayed or missed diagnosis is likely to result in worse patient outcomes including increased mortality rate, length of hospitalisation, and cost of care . Recent advances in medical image analysis using deep learning have produced automated systems that can perform as well as human experts in some medical tasks . Deep learning is a computer science method that can be used to teach computers to recognise patterns that are useful in discriminating between groups of images, such as images with or without a certain disease . Highly sensitive and specific automation of hip fracture assessment using x-ray studies would lead to earlier and more accurate diagnosis and hence improve patient outcomes. Such automation would also reduce the need for expensive CT and MRI studies, which could improve service efficiency and increase access to highly accurate detection of hip fractures in under-serviced regions. Automation could also improve reproducibility, given the reported variation in diagnostic certainty among human experts of different experience levels . Here we investigate the application of deep learning using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the task of fracture detection, and present the first large scale study where a deep learning system achieves human-level performance on a common and important radiological task.