It is widely known that sufficient data volume is necessary for training a successful machine learning algorithm _cite_ for medical image analysis. Data with high class imbalance or of insufficient variability _cite_ leads to poor classification performance. This often proves to be problematic in the field of medical imaging where abnormal findings are by definition uncommon. Moreover, in the case of image segmentation tasks, the time required to manually annotate volumetric data only exacerbates this disparity; manually segmenting an abnormality in three dimensions can require upwards of fifteen minutes per study making it impractical in a busy radiology practice. The result is a paucity of annotated data and considerable challenges when attempting to train an accurate algorithm. While traditional data augmentation techniques (e.g., crops, translation, rotation) can mitigate some of these issues, they fundamentally produce highly correlated image training data. In this paper we demonstrate one potential solution to this problem by generating synthetic images using a generative adversarial network (GAN) _cite_, which provides an additional form of data augmentation and also serves as a effective method of data anonymization. Multi-parametric magnetic resonance images (MRIs) of abnormal brains (with tumor) are generated from segmentation masks of brain anatomy and tumor. This offers an automatable, low-cost source of diverse data that can be used to supplement the training set. For example, we can alter the tumor's size, change its location, or place a tumor in an otherwise healthy brain, to systematically have the image and the corresponding annotation. Furthermore, GAN trained on a hospital data to generate synthetic images can be used to share the data outside of the institution, to be used as an anonymization tool. Medical image simulation and synthesis have been studied for a while and are increasingly getting traction in medical imaging community _cite_ . It is partly due to the exponential growth in data availability, and partly due to the availability of better machine learning models and supporting systems. Twelve recent research on medical image synthesis and simulation were presented in the special issue of Simulation and Synthesis in Medical Imaging _cite_ . This work falls into the synthesis category, and most related works are those of Chartsias et al _cite_ and Costa et al _cite_ . We use the publicly available data set (ADNI and BRATS) to demonstrate multi-parametric MRI image synthesis and Chartsias et al _cite_ use BRATS and ISLES (Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation (ISLES) N challenge) data set. Nonetheless, evaluation criteria for synthetic images were demonstrated on MSE, SSIM, and PSNR, but not directly on diagnostic quality. Costa et al _cite_ used GAN to generate synthetic retinal images with labels, but the ability to represent more diverse pathological pattern was limited compared to this work. Also, both previous works were demonstrated on ND images or slices/views of ND images, whereas in this work we directly process ND input/output. The input/output dimension is ND when it is multi-parametric (TN/TN/TNc/Flair) . We believe processing data as ND/ND in nature better reflects the reality of data and their associated problems. Reflecting the general trend of the machine learning community, the use of GANs in medical imaging has increased dramatically in the last year. GANs have been used to generate a motion model from a single preoperative MRI _cite_, upsample a low-resolution fundus image _cite_, create a synthetic head CT from a brain MRI _cite_, and synthesizing TN-weight MRI from TN-weighted ones (and vice-versa) _cite_ . Segmentation using GANs was demonstrated in _cite_ . Finally, Frid-Adar et al . leveraged a GAN for data augmentation, in the context of liver lesion classification _cite_ . To the best of our knowledge, there is no existing literature on the generation of synthetic medical images as form of anonymization and data augmentation for tumor segmentation tasks.