Time and again unfortunate accidents due to inclement weather conditions across the globe have surfaced. Ship collision, train derailment, plane crash and car accidents are some of the tragic incidents that have been a part of the headlines in recent times. This grave problem of safety and security in adverse conditions has drawn the attention of the society and numerous studies have been done in past to expose the vulnerability of functioning of transportation services due to weather conditions _cite_ . In past, weather-controlled driving speeds and behaviour have been proposed _cite_ . With the advancement in technology and emergence of a new field, intelligent transportation, automated determination of weather condition has become more relevant. Present systems either rely on series of expensive sensors or human assistance to identify the weather conditions _cite_, _cite_, _cite_ . Researchers, in recent era have looked at various economical solutions. They have channelled their research in a direction where computer vision techniques have been used to classify the weather condition using a single image. The task of assessing the weather condition from a single image is a straightforward and easy task for humans. Nevertheless, this task has a higher difficulty level for an autonomous system and designing a decent classifier of weather that receives single images as an input would represent an important achievement. The work described in this paper translates to two contributions to the field of weather classification. The first one is exploring the use of superpixel masks as a data augmentation technique, considering different Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures for the feature extraction process when classifying outdoor scenes in a multi-class setting using general-purpose images. The second contribution is the creation of a new, open source dataset, consisting of images collected online that depict scenes of three weather conditions, called Rain Fog Snow (RFS) dataset. The paper has been organized into six sections. In the section _ref_, a brief introduction to the topic has been presented. This has been followed by the section _ref_ which narrates the recent advances made in this field. Section _ref_ presents detail description of proposed dataset 'RFS' . Section _ref_ mentions the corresponding background on the use of superpixel masks and details of chosen architectures for evaluation. Section _ref_ also reports description of the methodology, emphasizing on the employed pipeline and other parameters that were used. Section _ref_ evaluates the results of experiment and inferences that can be drawn. Finally, section _ref_ sheds a light on conclusions obtained that can guide future work that is relevant to the topic.