Drowsy Driving is a major cause for accidents in the United States _cite_, causing a loss of life and property that is avoidable. As per some estimates _cite_, about N-N \% of road accidents are caused by a drowsy driver. As work hours get longer, and people live far away from their offices and therefore have longer commutes, the problem of drowsy driving has been exacerbated in the recent years. Pedestrians are often victims of such accidents involving drowsy drivers. This work therefore is an attempt to create a low-cost and effect deterrent against pedestrian collision with a distracted/drowsy driver. Deep Learning has gained an unprecedented attention over the last few years, and deservedly so, as it has introduced transformative results across diverse scientific disciplines including image recognition, natural language processing, cognitive science, computer vision and so on _cite_ _cite_ . With explosive growth of available data and computational resources, there have been tremendous growth in interest in applying Deep Learning in various challenging computer vision problems. One important Deep Learning network known as Convolutional Neural Network or CNN, has been at the forefront of such efforts _cite_ _cite_ . There is a huge potential to bringing Deep Learning solutions to the general public via use of cheap and readily available hardware such as Raspberry Pi _cite_ . Raspberry Pi is a low-cost, low-power consuming credit-card sized computer that runs its own version of Linux. It is highly customizable and has been used in the past to do object detection tasks using CNNs _cite_ _cite_ . Drowsiness is defined as feeling of being sleepy and lethargic. Since the identification of drowsiness is a multi-component evaluation process including yawning, closure of eyes, tilting of head etc., the current study is only proposed to limit the scope to eye diagnostics. In other words, the CNN model would determine if the vehicle operators’ eyes are open or closed. The framework includes using two cameras on the car dashboard – one looking inward maintaining focus on the vehicle operator and which connects to the drowsiness detection network, the other looking outside to detect pedestrian movements. The metholodogy is discussed in further sections. While this current work to detect pedestrians can easily be appended to identify other objects, for the scope of this paper we would only seek to identify pedestrians and a limited drowsiness phenomena.