Action quality assessment refers to how well a person performed an action. Automatic action quality assessment has applications in many fields like sports and health care. For example, an injured player or someone with mobility impairments could perform exercise therapy on their own without the cost and inconvenience of a physical therapist while still getting feedback on performance and suggestions on how to improve. On the other hand, automated scoring systems could be used as a trusted impartial second opinion to avoid scoring scandals where the partiality of judges was questioned _cite_ ; notably the N pairs and N women's Figure Skating (Winter Olympics) results. Compared to action recognition, action quality assessment has received little attention. There are some key differences between action recognition and action quality measurement. Firstly, typically for an action recognition task, there is a significant amount of difference between two different classes of actions. In the case of action quality measurement, the difference between actions could be subtle similar to fine-grained classification. Secondly, while it has been shown that an action class can be recognized by ``seeing'' only a part of the action _cite_, it is not meaningful to measure the quality of an action by seeing only a small part of the whole action. It is not meaningful because, there is a possibility that the performer will make an error at any given segment of the action. As an example, a diver may be perfect through the air but fail to enter the water vertically and make a large splash which is reflected as a poor overall dive score. Therefore, if the dive was judged just by a short clip while the diver was in the air, the resulting perfect score would poorly correlate with the actual action quality. However, if the whole action clip were taken into account, the diver would have had been penalized for erroneous entry into the water. Convolutional neural networks, in particular the recently proposed ND neural network (CND) _cite_ which learns spatiotemporal features, are increasingly being used for action recognition _cite_ . Further, recurrent neural networks are used to capture the temporal evolution of a video _cite_ . To train deep networks, large datasets are needed. For action recognition, many datasets such as UCF-N _cite_, HMDBN _cite_ and Sports-NM _cite_ are available. Compared to action recognition, fewer action quality datasets _cite_ are available and, in addition, action recognition datasets have millions of samples while the MIT Diving Quality dataset _cite_ contains just N samples. Action recognition dataset can be increased in size by mining websites like YouTube using a script, whereas, increasing action quality dataset requires qualified human annotations to score the action, which makes it more labor intensive. When developing an action quality framework, it is critical to respect the constraint of small dataset size. In this paper, we propose multiple frameworks that use visual information for action quality assessment and evaluate on short-time length action (diving and gym vault) and long-time length action (figure skating) . Results show significant improvements over state-of-the-art _cite_ for predicting the score of Olympic sports. The major contribution of this work can be summarized as follows: