Medical diagnosis can be assisted by expert systems developed solely to increase the accuracy of such diagnoses. The development of image processing techniques along with the rapid development in areas like machine learning and computer vision help in creating such expert systems that almost nearly match the accuracy of the expert human eye. Being one of the forms of cancer in the modern society, liver cancer remains to be cured and eradicated. Diagnosis by Oncologists usually involves assessment of computed tomography (CT) scans. These scans are three dimensional and volumetric in nature and can contain up to a thousand different ND slices. It takes a lot of human effort and time to manually segment each slice and the process is thus prone to errors with the segmentation varying between different oncologists. Thus, it is highly desirable to have algorithms that can automatically perform segmentation of liver lesions. This is a crucial area within medical diagnosis, where computer vision has made some progress~ _cite_ . The task of image segmentation faces more challenges when extended to the domain of medical images. Lesion detection in CT scans is influenced by a number of factors such as shape, area, noise, position and magnitude. Traditional methods for automatic segmentation have relied on thresholding, intensity clustering and region growing and have suffered from poor performance due to the challenging nature of medical images~ _cite_ . Hence, there is a clear demand for machine learning models that perform well for detecting and segmenting lesions. Recently, fully convolutional neural networks (FCNs), including ND and ND FCNs, serve as the backbone in many volumetric image segmentation. Deep learning based segmentation architecture is generally composed of a down-sampling block followed by an up-sampling block. Down-sampling block is used to extract coarse features and up-sampling block takes these features to the same size and resolution as the input and, optionally, a post-processing module (e.g. conditional random fields) to refine the model predictions. Architectures which achieve state-of-the-art results often contain millions of parameters, which require a lot of compute power to process. The recent deep learning revolution has changed the landscape of computer vision. The vision community has rapidly developed and improved deep neural networks, which now surpass human performance~ _cite_ in object classification~ _cite_ in natural images. These algorithms and models have only been recently ported over to the domain of medical images and are often based on an encoder-decoder architecture~ _cite_, which is an extension of fully convolutional networks~ _cite_ . Powerful baseline models for medical image segmentation often include UNets~ _cite_, an evolved FCN architecture, which has often been used to achieve state of the art performance across various problem statements involving CT scans and MRI images. Our goal in this paper is to develop a fast and efficient framework for medical image segmentation that can be optimized to run on mobile phones as in~ _cite_ . As small computing devices become cheaper and better, they become more accessable to people all around the world. The shortage of doctors in third world countries can be counteracted with the ability to run models capable of performing medical diagnosis. Lightweight models such as ours can be easily used to assist doctors and empower scientific diagnosis.