Unsupervised discovery of common patterns is a long standing task for artificial intelligence as shown in _cite_ . Recent deep learning approaches have offered major breakthroughs in classification into multiple categories with millions of labeled examples (e.g.~ _cite_ and many others) . These methods rely on a lot of annotated data for training in order to perform well. Unfortunately, labeling is an inefficient and expensive progress, so learning from unlabeled data is desirable for many complex tasks. At the same time, much of human knowledge and learning is obtained by unsupervised observations~ _cite_ . The goal of this work is to show that semantically meaningful classes can be learned with minimal supervision. Given a set of objectness proposals, we use the activations of foreground objects in order to learn deep features to cluster the available data while simultaneously learning the embedding in an end-to-end manner. More specifically, we propose a differentiable clustering approach that learns better separability of classes and embedding. The main idea is to store the potential cluster means as in a neural network at the higher levels of feature representation. This allows them to be jointly with the potential feature representation. This differentiable clustering approach is integrated with Deep Neural Networks (e.g.~ _cite_) to learn semantic classes in an end-to-end fashion without manual class labeling. The idea of doing this `end-to-end' is that gradient descent can not only learn good weights for clustering, it can also change the embedding to allow for better clustering without the use of labels. We see that this leads to better feature representation. Our results show also that different object categories emerge and can later be retrieved from test images never before seen by the network, resulting in clusters of meaningful categories, such as cars, persons, bicycles. In this work we use given segmentation objectness masks, which are candidate objects without labels. This can be extended by using an independent objectness-based object generation mechanism~ _cite_ or by using unsupervised motion segmentation in videos or structure from motion~ _cite_ .