Image tampering techniques have become sophisticated and in many instances experts have difficulty identifying if an image has been modified. Furthermore, with the advent of new cameras, smartphones and tablets, the amount of digital images has grown exponentially and the tools for digitally manipulating these images, such as Photoshop, Gimp, Snapseed, and Pixlr, have evolved significantly making it easy to modify many images in a short time span. Due to these advancements, the field of digital image forensics needs to develop tools that can quickly verify image authenticity and localize the regions where an image has been manipulated. In this paper, we combine our previous works on resampling detection _cite_ and a-contrario analysis _cite_ to assign a tamper score and localize the image tampering. We demonstrate that our algorithm is effective at detecting many different types of image tampering. Many categories of image forgeries, including copy-move, splicing, and object removal, often implement resampling as part of the forgery workflow. Resampling is required in order to blend the inserted or modified regions of the image with the rest of the image. For this reason, resampling detection is capable of detecting many different types of image manipulations and many resampling detector have been recently proposed~ _cite_ . However, all of these resampling detection techniques are not completely accurate for certain image regions and false alarms occur when anti-detection methods are implemented. There is a need to carefully control the false alarm rate at the image level. In _cite_ we designed a detector to improve on previous resampling detectors. Our detector found image artifacts imposed by classic upsampled, downsampled, clockwise rotation, counterclockwise rotation, and shearing methods. We combined these five different resampling detectors with a JPEG compression detector and for each of the six detectors we output a heatmap corresponding to a confidence score of where the image was manipulated. We observed in our previous work that our heatmaps were noisy, and in _cite_ we smoothed the heatmaps to localize the detection and determine the detection score. In this work, motivated by _cite_, we develop a new detection scheme that combines two ideas: a-contrario statistical hypothesis testing and image segmentation. The a-contrario methodology was originally formulated by Desolneux, Moison, and Morel in order to rigorously implement the Helmholt Theroy of perception _cite_ . Motivated by the lack of principled methods to determine an appropriate decision threshold for many basic computer vision tasks they formulated a structured statistical test to detect image primitives such as line segments and contrasted boundaries. We were inspired to use the a-contrario procedure since it only requires a model, the background model, for unstructured data, i.e. heatmaps in which no resampling has occurred, and we do not need to postulate a model for heatmaps that indicate resampoing has occurred. Our procedure starts by scanning the heatmap for all possible detection events, where a detection event is a location in the heatmap plus a group of pixels within the heatmap that makes it a valid detection. Since the background model is the model for unstructured data, then any detection within the event set is a false detection according to the a-contrario model and the goal of a-contrario modeling is to provide an upper bound on the number of these false detections.