Positron emission tomography (PET) imaging is widely used for staging and monitoring treatment in a variety of cancers including the lymphomas and lung cancer. Recently, there has been a marked increase in the accuracy and robustness of machine learning methods and their application to computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems, e.g., the automated detection and quantification of abnormalities in medical images. Successful machine learning methods require large amounts of training data and hence, synthesis of PET images could play an important role in enhancing training data and ultimately improve the accuracy of PET-based CAD systems. Existing approaches such as atlas-based or methods that are based on simulated or physical phantoms have problems in synthesizing the low resolution and low signal-to-noise ratios inherent in PET images. In addition, these methods usually have limited capacity to produce a variety of synthetic PET images with large anatomical and functional differences. Hence, we propose a new method to synthesize PET data via multi-channel generative adversarial networks (M-GAN) to address these limitations. Our M-GAN approach, in contrast to the existing medical image synthetic methods that rely on using low-level features, has the ability to capture feature representations with a high-level of semantic information based on the adversarial learning concept. Our M-GAN is also able to take the input from the annotation (label) to synthesize regions of high uptake e.g., tumors and from the computed tomography (CT) images to constrain the appearance consistency based on the CT derived anatomical information in a single framework and output the synthetic PET images directly. Our experimental data from N lung cancer PET-CT studies show that our method provides more realistic PET images compared to conventional GAN methods. Further, the PET tumor detection model, trained with our synthetic PET data, performed competitively when compared to the detection model trained with real PET data (N \% lower in terms of recall) . We suggest that our approach when used in combination with real and synthetic images, boosts the training data for machine learning methods.