Facial analysis techniques, such as face recognition and face detection, have been widely studied and explored in the past decades. Meanwhile, to ensure the public security and accelerate the crime detection, the intelligent surveillance systems have been rapidly developed. Therefore, facial analysis techniques have been employed to various applications with surveillance systems, such as criminal investigation. However, the performance of most facial analysis techniques would degrade rapidly when given low quality face images. In real surveillance systems, the quality of the surveillance face images is affected by many factors, such as long distance between camera and object, and insufficient light in natural scene, which resulting in low resolution, noise and so on. Therefore, how to restore a high quality face from a low quality face is challenging. Face restoration technique provides a viable way to improve performance of facial analysis techniques on low quality face images. Obtaining face images with abundant facial feature details is important for face restoration techniques, so numerous face restoration algorithms have been proposed in recent years. Some algorithms focus on solving face restoration from low-resolution (LR) problem (i.e., face hallucination), such as works in _cite_ . To be consistent with more realistic situation, other algorithms also take the noise corruption into consideration during face super resolution, such as works in _cite_ . We observe that most existing face restoration methods omit one vital characteristic of real-world images, namely images in real applications always contain faces of different scales as illustrated in Figure _ref_ . Also, when the images are corrupted with serious distortions, it's hard to extract the faces in the distorted images for face restoration since face detection methods may not work well under this situation. Therefore, in this paper, we focus on solving multi-scale face restoration close to real-world situation. The target of our proposed model is to effectively restore face images with details from noise corrupted LR face images without scale limitation. Face restoration, which transfers low quality face image to high quality face image, can be considered as one of the image-to-image translation problem that transfers one image domain to another image domain. Solutions on image-to-image translation problem _cite_ usually use autoencoder network _cite_ as a generator. However, single autoencoder network is too simple to represent multi-scale image-to-image translation due to lack of multi-scale representation. Meanwhile, ensemble learning, a machine learning paradigm where multiple learners are trained to solve the same problem, have shown its ability to make accurate prediction from multiple ``weak learners'' in classification problem _cite_ . Therefore, an effective way to reinforce predictive performance of autoencoder network can be aggregating multiple base-generators into an enhanced-generator. In our model, we introduce base-encoders and base-decoders from low level to high level. These multi-level base-en/decoders ensure the generator have more diverse representation capacity to deal with multi-scale face image restoration. The typical way of ensemble is to train a set of alternative models and takes a vote for these models. However, multi-scale face restoration is a problem that concerns multiple processes of feature abstracting and generating, merely taking a vote (or with other ensemble method) fails to incorporate high level information and restore detail information. Based on this observation, we devise a sequential ensemble structure that takes base-en/decoders from different levels as sequential data. The different combination directions of base-en/decoders are determined by the different goals of encoder and decoder. This sequential ensemble method is inspired by long short-term memory (LSTM) _cite_ . LSTM has been proved successfully in modeling sequential data, such as text and speech _cite_ . The LSTM has the ability to optionally choose information passing through because of the gate mechanism. Specially, we design a Sequential Gating Unit (SGU) to realize information combination and selection, which sequentially takes base-en/decoders' information from two different levels as inputs and decides the output based on one active input. Restoring low quality face image to high quality face image is an ill-posed problem, for which face details are usually absent in restored face images. Traditional optimization target of image restoration problem is to minimize the mean square error (MSE) between the restored image and the ground truth. However, minimizing MSE will often encourage smoothness in the restored image. Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) _cite_ show state-of-the-art performance on generating pictures of both high resolution and good semantic meaning. The high level real/fake decision made by discriminator causes the generated images' distribution close to the class of target domain, which endow the generated images with more details as target domain. Therefore, we utilize the adversarial learning process proposed in GAN _cite_ for restoration model training. In general, we propose to solve multi-scale face restoration problem with a Sequential Gating Ensemble Network (SGEN) . The contribution of our approach includes three aspects: The rest of this paper is organized as follows. We introduce related work in Section _ref_ and present the details of proposed SGEN in Section _ref_, including network architecture, SGU unit and adversarial learning for SGEN. We present experiment results in Section _ref_ and conclude in Section _ref_ .