Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are the state-of-the-art solution to many vision tasks~ _cite_ . However, they are known to be data-inefficient, as they require up to millions of training samples to achieve their powerful performance~ _cite_ . In this work, we propose a formulation of CNNs that more efficiently learns to exploit generic regularities known to be present in the data a priori. For images, as well as any other sensory data, CNNs typically learn filters from individual pixel values. In this paper, we show that alternatives to the pixel basis are more natural formulations for learning models on locally well-understood data like images. We show increased classification performance in state-of-the-art ResNets~ and Densenets~ on the highly competitive Cifar-N classification task by replacing the pixel basis with a basis more suitable for natural images. Further, we show that such a replacement naturally leads to powerful extensions of residual blocks as dynamic steerable interpolators that can steer their filters conditioned on the input with respect to pre-defined continuous geometric transformations like rotations or scalings. The proposed block allows the network to adaptively learn the degree of local invariance required for each filter, by decoupling filter learning and local geometrical pose adaption. We show the effectiveness of this approach on the BSDN boundary detection task, where precise and adaptive local invariances are key. We outperform all competing non-pretrained methods with our approach. Our contributions: The paper is organized as follows. First, we review related literature of alternative parametrizations and incorporation of prior geometrical knowledge into CNNs. Secondly, we introduce the theoretical framework of frame-based CNNs and steerable two-factor blocks, which our work rests upon. Third, we show that careful reparametrization of CNNs can increase performance on natural image classification. Lastly, we show how to extend frame-based Resnet blocks to dynamic steerable blocks that have the ability to dynamically adapt filters, with several advantages and promising results on the Berkeley Contour Detection dataset.