Deep learning algorithms are data demanding; meaning more data leads to more effectiveness. Medical image classification and segmentation tasks using deep learning often have limited data due to scarcity of annotated data. This is particularly true in the health care industry where access to medical data is strictly protected due to privacy concerns. To bridge this limitation, data augmentation techniques can be used. A common practice for image data augmentation consists of geometric augmentations such as reflection, rotation, scaling and translation _cite_ of the input images. Other approaches are the use of medical phantoms _cite_, _cite_ in which medical data is simulated with a certain degree of realism. These approaches however, are implemented manually so as to extend the training datasets. Therefore, there is a need of an automated data augmentation technique, which is generative in nature and offers an acceptable degree of realism. Recently, GANs _cite_ have raised much interest in the domain of data generation and are being used extensively for data augmentation. A standard GAN consists of two convolutional neural networks namely, Discriminator D and a Generator G, which are trained to learn simultaneously. Following the minimax strategy, one network (D) learns how to distinguish real samples from the ones generated by the generator where G produces samples that can trick D into believing they are real. In this proof-of-concept study, we address the challenges of data augmentation by proposing an automatic pipeline that is generative and offers a certain degree of realism with the medical data. We explore the potential of GANs to capture the variabilities in CT images and generate identically looking CT images. The generated images can be used to augment the training datasets which automate the augmentation processing and potentially leverage the scarcity of medical data. The dataset examined in this study is the Lung CT images dataset publicly available at the Lung Image Database Consortium image collection (LIDC) _cite_ . The dataset consists of N Lung CT scans of dimensions _inline_eq_ . Our contribution in this study is two-fold. First, we propose an automated unsupervised data-driven approach using a simple GAN that can generate realistic CT images, which can be used to augment the training datasets for effective learning. To our knowledge, this is the first implementation for generating full CT image from a lower-resolution (in our case, _inline_eq_ resolution) . Second, using a simple GAN, we propose a robust framework that can be scaled to a higher resolution without changing any parameters of the model. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section N reviews the related work and outlines recent advancements in the domain of data generation using GANs. We present the proposed Methodology in Section N. Experimental results are shown in Section N, followed by Conclusion and Future Perspectives in Sections N.