Cystic fibrosis (CF) is the most lethal genetic disorder in the Caucasian population. The disease starts to express itself by changing the structure of lung tissue leading to structural abnormalities _cite_ .The early stages of cystic fibrosis have not been thoroughly studied yet. Early, automatic and quantitative analysis could give a better knowledge on what changes lead to Severe Advanced Lung Disease (SALD) _cite_ and reduce irreversible lung damage. The different types of abnormalities studied in this article are bronchiectasis-destruction or widening of the airway-mucus plug and atelectasis (deflation of alveoli) _cite_ as shown Fig. _ref_ . There are many approaches to automatic lung tissue classification. They can depend on handcrafted or learnt features. Handcrafted features use predefined filter banks containing features that capture uniquenesses and specific details of lung tissue. In Ciompi et al. _cite_ for instance, the authors cascade supervised and unsupervised learning based on handcrafted features. Recently deep learning techniques have successfully been used for medical image analysis. However, few articles _cite_ propose to use deep learning for texture classification. A common problem is the unbalanced between different classes that leads to inefficient networks. Wang et al. _cite_ proposed a CNN where the classes are balanced by oversampling patches of the rare classes. In this paper we propose an automatic method for patch-wise texture classification of different structural lung abnormalities. Our method is based on a cascade of two convolutional neural networks. To the best of our knowledge it is the first time that structural abnormalities in early stages of cystic fibrosis are automatically scored. Besides, we train and evaluate our algorithm on CT scans of children, acquired with a variety of scanner models and low dose scan protocols. All of this makes the problem more challenging. In addition we compute precise pixel-wise heatmaps of structural abnormalities _cite_, using only the global patch labels during training to visualize where certain abnormalities are most likely to be present.