\noindent Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer-related death in men. Low-dose lung CT screening provides an effective way for early diagnosis, which can sharply reduce the lung cancer mortality rate. Advanced computer-aided diagnosis systems (CADs) are expected to have high sensitivities while at the same time maintaining low false positive rates. Recent advances in deep learning enable us to rethink the ways of clinician lung cancer diagnosis. Current lung CT analysis research mainly includes nodule detection _cite_, and nodule classification _cite_ . There is few work on building a complete lung CT cancer diagnosis system for fully automated lung CT cancer diagnosis, integrating both nodule detection and nodule classification. It is worth exploring a whole lung CT cancer diagnosis system and understanding how far the performance of current technology differs from that of experienced doctors. To our best knowledge, this is the first work for a fully automated and complete lung CT cancer diagnosis system. The emergence of large-scale dataset, LUNAN _cite_, accelerates the nodule detection related research. Typically, nodule detection consists of two stages, region proposal generation and false positive reduction. Traditional approaches generally require manually designed features such as morphological features, voxel clustering and pixel thresholding _cite_ . Recently, deep convolutional networks, such as Faster R-CNN _cite_ and fully convolutional networks _cite_, are employed to generate candidate bounding boxes _cite_ . In the second stage, more advanced methods or complex features, such as more carefully designed texture features, are designed to remove false positive nodules. Due to the ND nature of CT data and the effectiveness of Faster R-CNN for object detection in ND natural images _cite_, we design a ND Faster R-CNN for nodule detection with U-net-like encoder-decoder structure to effectively learn latent features _cite_ . Before the era of deep learning, feature engineering followed by classifiers is a general pipeline for nodule classification _cite_ . After the public large-scale dataset, LIDC-IDRI _cite_, becomes available, deep learning based methods have become dominant for nodule classification research _cite_ . Multi-scale deep convolutional network with shared weights on different scales has been proposed for the nodule classification _cite_ . The weight sharing scheme reduces the number of parameters and forces the multi-scale deep convolutional network to learn scale-invariant features. Inspired by the recent success of dual path network (DPN) on ImageNet _cite_, we propose a novel framework for CT nodule classification. First, we design a ND deep dual path network to extract features. Then we use gradient boosting machines (GBM) with deep ND dual path features, nodule size and cropped raw nodule CT pixels for the nodule classification _cite_ . At last, we build a fully automated lung CT cancer diagnosis system, DeepLung, by combining the nodule detection network and nodule classification network together, as illustrated in Fig. _ref_ . For a CT image, we first use the detection subnetwork to detect candidate nodules. Next, we employ the classification subnetwork to classify the detected nodules into either malignant or benign. Finally, the patient-level diagnosis result can be achieved for the whole CT by fusing the diagnosis result of each nodule. Our main contributions are as follows: N) To our best knowledge, DeepLung is the first work for a complete automated lung CT cancer diagnosis system. N) Two ND deep convolutional networks are designed for nodule detection and classification. Specifically, inspired by the effective of Faster R-CNN for object detection and deep dual path network's success on ImageNet _cite_, we propose ND Faster R-CNN for nodule detection, and ND deep dual path network for nodule classification. N) Our classification framework achieves superior performance compared with state-of-the-art approaches, and the performance surpasses the average performance of experienced doctors on the largest public dataset, LIDC-IDRI dataset. N) The DeepLung system is comparable to the average performance of experienced doctors both on nodule-level and patient-level diagnosis.