\par Contour detection is a fundamental but challenging computer vision task. In recent years, although the research of contour detection is gradually shifted from unsupervised learning to supervised learning, unsupervised contour detection approaches are still attractive, since it can be easily adopted into other image domains without the demand of a large amount of labeled data. However, one of the significant limitations is the high computational cost _cite_ . On the other hand, the cutting-edge supervised contour detection methods, such as deep learning, rely on a huge amount of fully labeled training data, which often requires huge human efforts and domain expertise. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) _cite_ is an alternative technique to balance the trade-off between unsupervised learning and supervised learning. However, currently there exist no reports on semi-supervised learning based contour detection. \par Supervised contour detection is often based on patch-to-patch or patch-to-pixel classification. Contours in local patches (denoted by sketch tokens _cite_) contain rich and well-known patterns, including straight lines, parallel lines, curves, T-junctions, Y-junctions, etc _cite_ . One of the main objectives of the most recent supervised contour detection methods is to classify these patterns using structure learning _cite_, sparse representation _cite_, convolution neutral network (CNN) _cite_, etc. In our method, we use unsupervised techniques to capture the patterns of unlabeled image patches, enabling the successful training of the contour detector with a limited number of labeled images. For notation convenience, we denote labeled patches as l-tokens and unlabeled patches as u-tokens . The proposed semi-supervised structured ensemble learning approach is built on structured random forests (SRF) _cite_ . Inheriting from standard random forests (RF), SRF is popular because its: N) fast prediction ability for high-dimensional data, N) robustness to label noise _cite_, and N) good support to arbitrary size of outputs. However, similar to RF, SRF heavily relies on the number of labeled data _cite_ . These properties make SRF a good candidate for SSL. In this paper, we propose to train SRF in a novel semi-supervised manner, which only requires a few number of labeled training images. By analyzing the learning behaviors of SRF, we observe that improving the node splitting performance for data with structured labels is the key for the successful training. To this end, we incorporate abundant u-tokens into a limited number of l-tokens to guide the node splitting, which is achieved by finding a discriminative low-dimensional subspace embedding using sparse representation techniques to learn a basis dictionary of the subspace in an unsupervised manner. In order to solve the sparse coding problem efficiently, we also propose a novel and fast algorithm to boost the overall learning efficiency. In addition, we demonstrate the max-margin properties of SRF, enabling us to use max-margin learning to dynamically estimate the structured labels for u-tokens inside tree nodes. For better illustration, we explain the idea in Figure _ref_ . In the experimental section, we show the vulnerability of other supervised methods to a limited number of labeled images and demonstrate that, with only N labeled images, our newly developed contour detector even matches or outperforms these methods which are fully trained over hundreds of labeled images.