One of the biggest challenges of cancer treatment is the inter-tumor heterogeneity and intra-tumor heterogeneity. It demands for more personalized treatment. In Radiomics, a large amount of features from standard-of-care images obtained with CT (computed tomography), PET (positron emission tomography) or MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) are extracted to help the diagnosis, prediction or prognosis of cancer _cite_ . Many medical image studies like _cite_ have already tried to use quantitative analysis before the existence of Radiomics. However, with the development of medical imaging technology and more and more available softwares allowing for more quantification and standardization, Radiomics focuses on improvements of image analysis, using an automated high-throughput extraction of large amounts of quantitative features _cite_ . Radiomics has the advantage of using more useful information to make optimal treatment decisions (personalized medicine) and make cancer treatment more effective and less expensive _cite_ . Radiomics is a promising research field for oncology, but it is also a challenging machine learning task. In the work _cite_, the authors identify Radiomics as a challenge in machine learning for the three following reasons: (i) small sample size: due to the difficulty in data sharing, most of Radiomics data sets have no more than N patients; (ii) high dimensional feature space: the feature space for Radiomics data is always very high dimensional compared to the sample size; (iii) multiple feature groups: different sources and different feature extractors are used in Radiomics-the most used features include tumor intensity, shape, texture, and so on _cite_-and it may be hard to exploit the complementary information brought by these different views _cite_ . When the three challenges are encountered in a classification task, it can be seen as an HDLSS (High dimension low sample size) Multi-View learning task. Now most studies in Radiomics ignore the third challenge and propose to simply concatenate different feature groups and to use a feature selection method to reduce the dimension. However, a lot of useful information may be lost when only a small subset of features is retained _cite_, and the complementary information that different feature groups can offer may be ignored _cite_ . In contrast to the current studies that treat Radiomics data as a single-view machine learning task, we have proposed in our previsous work to cope with Radiomics complexity using an HDLSS multi-view paradigm _cite_: we have used a naive MCS (Multiple Classifier Systems) based method which turns out to work well for Radiomics data but not significantly better than the state of the art methods used in Radiomics. Here we want to further investigate the potential of the MCS multi-view approach. Hence we propose several less simplistic MCS based methods including static voting and dynamic voting methods to combine classification results from different views. Our main contribution in this paper is thus to propose a new dynamic voting scheme to give a personalized diagnosis (decision) from Radiomics data. This dynamic voting method is designed for small sample sized dataset like Radiomics data and uses a large number of trees in random forest to provide OOB (Out Of Bag) samples to replace the validation dataset. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Related works in Radiomics and multi-view learning are discussed in Section N. In section N, the proposed dynamic voting solution is introduced. Before turning to the result analysis (Section N), we describe the data sets chosen in this study and provide the protocol of our experimental method in Section N. We conclude and give some future works in Section N.