Unsupervised learning is one of the most difficult and interesting problems in computer vision and machine learning today. Many researchers believe that learning from large collections of unlabeled videos could help decode hard questions regarding the nature of intelligence and learning. Moreover, as unlabeled videos are easy to collect at relatively low cost, unsupervised learning could be of real practical value in many computer vision and robotics applications. In this article we propose a novel approach to unsupervised learning that successfully tackles many of the challenges associated with this task. We present a system that is composed of two main pathways, one that performs unsupervised object discovery in videos or large image collections along the teacher branch, and the other, the student branch, which learns from the teacher to detect foreground objects in single images. Our approach is general in the sense that the student or teacher pathways do not depend on a specific neural network architecture or implementation. Also, our approach allows the unsupervised learning process to continue over several generations of students and teachers. In Algorithm _ref_ we present the high level description of our method. We will use throughout the paper the terms "generation" and "iteration" of Algorithm _ref_ interchangeably. A preliminary version of this work, without presenting the possibility of learning over several generations and with fewer experimental results appeared at ICCV N (_cite_) . In Figure _ref_ we present a graphic overview of our full system. In the unsupervised training stage the student network (module A) learns, frame by frame, from an unsupervised teacher pathway (modules B and C) to produce similar object masks in single images. The student branch tries to imitate for each frame the output of the teacher, while having as input only a single image-the current frame. The teacher on the other hand has access to an entire video sequence. The method presented in Algorithm _ref_ follows the main steps of the system as it learns from one iteration (generation) to the next. The steps are discussed in more detail in Section _ref_ . During the first iteration of Algorithm _ref_, the unsupervised teacher pathway has access to information over time-a video. In contrast, the student is deeper in structure, but it has access only to a single image-the current video frame. Thus, the information discovered by the teacher in time is captured by the student in added depth, over neural layers of abstraction. Several student nets with different architectures are trained at the first iteration. In order to use as supervisory signal only good quality masks, an unsupervised mask selection procedure is applied, as explained in Section _ref_ . Once several student nets are trained, their output is combined to form the teacher at the next iteration. Then, we run, at the next generation, the newly formed teacher on a larger set of unlabeled videos, to produce supervisory signal for the next generation students. Note that while at the first iteration the teacher pathway is required to receive video sequences as input, from the second generation on, it could receive as input large image collections, as well. Due to the very high computational and storage costs, required during training time, we limit our experiments to learning over two generations, but our algorithm is general and could run over many iterations. We show in extensive experiments that even two generations are sufficient to significantly outperform the current state of the art on object discovery in video and images. We also demonstrate a solid improvement from one generation to the next. Now we enumerate the main contributions of our approach: N) We introduce a novel approach to unsupervised learning from videos to detect foreground objects in images. The overview of our system and algorithm are presented in Figure _ref_ and Algorithm _ref_ . The system has two main pathways-one that acts as a teacher and discovers objects in videos or large collections of images and the other that acts as student and learns from the teacher to detect the foreground objects in single input images. We provide a general algorithm for unsupervised learning over several generations of students and teachers. We experiment with different types of student nets and show how they collectively work together to form the teacher at the next generation. This is done in conjunction with a novel unsupervised soft-mask selection scheme. We demonstrate experimentally that within a generation the students are more powerful than their teachers, while both pathways improve significantly from one generation to the next. N) At the higher level, our proposed algorithm is sufficiently general to accommodate different implementations and neural network architectures. In this paper, we also provide a specific implementation which we describe in detail. We demonstrate its performance on three recent datasets, namely YouTube Objects (_cite_), Object Discovery in Internet Images (_cite_) and Pascal-S (_cite_), on which we obtain state of the art results. To our best knowledge, it is the first system that learns to detect and segment foreground objects in images in unsupervised fashion, with no pre-trained features given or manual labeling, while requiring only a single image at test time.