Diabetes Mellitus (DM) commonly known as Diabetes, is a serious and chronic metabolic disease that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to insufficient insulin produced by the pancreas (Type N) and human body's inability to use insulin effectively (Type N) _cite_ . It can further causes major life-threatening complications like potential blindness, cardiovascular, peripheral vascular and cerebrovascular diseases, kidney failure and Diabetic Foot Ulcers (DFU) which can lead to lower limb amputation _cite_ . There is a meteoric rise in diabetes from N million patients to N million worldwide where the low/middle income countries are disproportionately affected. In N, over N million deaths were caused by diabetes only and N \% of these deaths are under the age of N years. It is estimated that by the end of N, around N million people will be suffering from DM _cite_ . Every year, more than N million patients suffering from diabetes lose part of their the leg due to the failure to recognize and treat DFU appropriately _cite_ . In current practice, medical experts (DFU specialist and podiatrist) primarily examine and assess the DFU patients on visual inspection with manual measurements tools to determine the severity of DFU. They also use the high-resolution images to evaluate the state of DFU, which can further comprise of various important tasks in early diagnosis, keeping track of development and number of actions taken to treatment and management of DFU for each particular case: N) the medical history of patient is evaluated; N) a wound or DFU specialist examines the DFU thoroughly; N) additional tests like CT scans, MRI, X-Ray may be useful to help develop a treatment plan _cite_ . Usually, the DFU have irregular structures and uncertain outer boundaries. The appearance of DFU and its surrounding skin varies depending upon the various stages i.e. redness, callus formation, blisters, significant tissues types like granulation, slough, bleeding, scaly skin _cite_ . The skin surrounding around DFU is very important as its condition determines if the DFU is healing and is also a vulnerable area for extension _cite_ . There are many factors that increase the risk of vulnerable skin such as ischemia, inflammation, abnormal pressure, maceration from exudates etc. Similarly, healthy skin around the DFU indicates good healing process. Surrounding skin is examined by inspection of colour, discharge and texture, and palpation for warmth, swelling and tenderness. On visual inspection, redness is suggestive of inflammation, which is usually due to wound infection. Black discoloration is suggestive of ischemia. White and soggy appearance is due to maceration and white and dry is usually due to increased pressure. It is important to recognize that skin appearances look different in different shades of skin. Lesions that appear red or brown in white skin, may appear black or purple in black or brown skin. Mild degrees of redness may be masked completely in dark skin. There are limited computer methods developed for the assessment of diabetic foot pathologies _cite_ . Wang et. al. _cite_ have used an image capture box to capture image data and determined the area of DFU using cascaded two staged SVM-based classification. Similarly, computer methods based on manually engineered features or image processing approaches were implemented for segmentation of DFU and wound. The segmentation task was performed by extracting texture descriptors and colour descriptors on small patches of wound images, followed by machine learning algorithms to classify them into normal and abnormal skin patches _cite_ . As in many computer vision systems, the hand-crafted features are affected by skin shades, illumination, and image resolution. Also, these techniques struggled to segment the irregular contour of the DFU or wounds. Additionally, due to the complication of surrounding skin, it is almost impossible to include the broad description of surrounding skin. On the other hand, the unsupervised approaches rely upon image processing techniques, edge detection, morphological operations and clustering algorithms using different colour space to segment the wounds from images _cite_ . The majority of these methods involve manually tuning of the parameters according to the different input images which are very impractical in clinical perspective. In addition to the limitations of the segmentation algorithms, the state-of-the-art methods were validated on relatively small datasets, ranging from N to N images. In this work, we propose automated segmentation of DFU and its surrounding skin by using fully connected networks. The contributions of this paper include