Instagram is an image based social network where people tend to post high quality personal pictures accompanied by a caption. Captions are diverse, but they usually describe the photo content, the place where the photo was taken or the feelings the photo brings in. The objective of adding this text, which usually contains hashtags, is that other Instagram users can find the photo using one of the words and follow the author if they like what they post. The number of images updated to Instagram is huge: If we search for images accompanied by the word "Barcelona" we find more than N million. This work shows how Instagram data can be exploited to obtain information about a city that has very interesting social and commercial applications. Specifically, we analyze images and captions related to Barcelona. Barcelona is a very touristic city which revives around _inline_eq_ million tourists every year. That causes conflicts between tourists and locals and between the tourism industry and other local organizations, conflicts that are highly concentrated on neighborhoods with requested tourist attractions. Measuring the tourism overcrowding per neighborhood is not easy, since some areas receive high touristic interest but they don't have hotels or tourism installations. This work proposes a method to do that by exploiting Instagram data. We perform a multi-modal, language separate analysis using the text of the captions and its associated images, designing a pipeline that learns relations between words, images and neighborhoods in a self-supervised way. We focus on a per-neighborhood analysis, and analyze how the differences of tourism activity between Barcelona districts and neighborhoods are reflected on Instagram. Notice that, despite in this work we apply the proposed pipeline to Barcelona, it is extensible to any other city with enough Social Media activity to collect the required data. The proposed method works as follows: The contributions of this work are as follows: First, we show how state of the art multi-modal text and images techniques can be applied to learn from Instagram data. Second, we show how Instagram data related to a city can be used to do a per-neighborhood analysis obtaining very useful social and commercial information. Specifically, we propose a method to analyze tourism activity at a neighborhood level using only images and text. Third, we provide a new dataset,, formed by Instagram images related to Barcelona and its captions, and the code and models used to perform the subsequent experiments.