Glaucoma is a progressive optic neuropathy that results in characteristic changes to the optic disc and retinal nerve fiber layer. [N] Although damage from glaucoma is irreversible, early treatment can usually prevent or slow down progression to functional damage and visual impairment. [N] Assessment of structural damage is essential for early detection of glaucoma. Fundus photographs are a low-cost and easy to perform method to document and identify optic disc features characteristic of glaucoma. However, it is well-established that subjective evaluation of optic disc photographs suffers from low reproducibility, even when performed by expert graders. [N, N, N] In addition, graders frequently under-or over-estimate glaucoma likelihood when evaluating disc photographs. [N] Recent progress in artificial intelligence and machine learning has led to the development of algorithms capable of objective assessment of fundus photographs for identification of signs of ocular diseases. [N, N, N] Li et al [N] evaluated the ability of a deep learning neural network algorithm to identify signs of glaucomatous neuropathy on color fundus photographs. The authors reported excellent sensitivity and specify to diagnose "referable" glaucomatous optic neuropathy, which was defined based on subjective grading of the photographs by a group of trained ophthalmologists. A fundamental step in the development of any machine learning algorithm is the training process by which the algorithm "learns" to correctly make classifications and predictions. Essentially, the algorithm cannot perform better than the reference standard used to train it, and its best hope is to perfectly replicate the classifications or predictions that would have been made by the reference standard. Although the work by Li et al [N] provides important insights into how machine learning could be used to assess glaucomatous damage on fundus photographs, their algorithm suffers from the limitation that subjective grading was used as the reference standard to train the deep learning network. In recent decades, spectral-domain optical coherence tomography (SDOCT) has become the de facto standard in objective quantification of structural damage in glaucoma. [N] Measurements of the retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness with SDOCT show high reproducibility and have been shown to accurately diagnose the disease, detect its progression, and measure rates of change. [N-N] As such, it is conceivable that a superior machine learning classifier could be obtained if it is trained to evaluate fundus photographs using SDOCT measurements as the reference standard, rather than subjective assessment by graders. Such an algorithm could also be trained to obtain quantitative rather than just qualitative assessments of the amount of neural damage from disc photographs. In the present work, we report on a novel deep learning algorithm trained to assess optic disc photographs from results of SDOCT and investigate its ability to provide objective quantification of glaucomatous neural loss.