Diagnosis and therapy in many areas of medicine, including dentistry, nowadays extensively rely on technological advances in biomedical imaging. One of the challenges in the diagnosis of dental patients during daily practice is assessment of their dental plaque level. A novel way to look at this plaque is the use of a Quantitative Light-induced Fluorescence (QLF) camera. When the QLF-camera is used some dental plaque fluoresces red, which is suggested to be an indication for the pathogenicity of the dental plaque _cite_ . In this paper we apply deep artificial neural network on QLF-images to make a predictive classification model, where class separation is based on the amount of red fluorescent dental plaque disclosed in such images. Although both intra-examiner and inter-examiner reliability of manual assessment of QLF-images are shown to be high _cite_, this may become expensive and laborious if the number of images is large. Therefore, there is a need to automate this procedure by implementing a computer-based system for assessment of QLF-images. Existing computer programs developed for this goal have several drawbacks which limit efficiency of QLF-images assessment. They require that the images must have been captured under the fixed circumstances such as camera geometry, focal distance and ambient light conditions _cite_, which is hard to achieve under clinical settings. The problem mentioned above could be solved by the use of Deep Learning models, because descriptive features can be learnt directly from raw data representations _cite_ being insensitive to ambient conditions and natural image variability. Since images have a special two-dimensional structure, a group of Deep Learning methods called Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) explicitly uses the advantages of such a representation _cite_ . Applications of CNN may include both non-biological _cite_ and biological images _cite_ . The aim of this paper is to describe the novel application of CNN to QLF-images obtained during clinical intervention study _cite_ . Furthermore, we compare the performances of the CNN and several state of the art classification models. We tested all of these models on three existing plaque assessment scoring systems. We also checked the influence of adding various colour channels on the model performance. Possible differences were explained based on the biological nature of the problem and based on the properties of these models. Previous studies on this topic either focused on only a single plaque scoring system without providing detailed analysis of results _cite_ or used small dataset of different images and different network architecture _cite_ .