Lung cancer occupies a high percentage in the mortality rates of cancer even on a worldwide basis _cite_ . Early detection is one of the most promising strategies to reduce lung cancer mortality _cite_ . In recent years, along with performance improvements of CT equipment, increasingly large numbers of tomographic images have come to be taken (e.g., at slice intervals of N mm), resulting in improvements in the ability of radiologists to distinguish nodules. However, there is a limitation to interpreting a large number of images (e.g., N-N slices / scan) by relying on humans. Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems show promise for the urgent task of time-efficient interpretation of CT scans. In one study _cite_, six computer-aided diagnosis algorithms of lung nodules in computed tomography scans were compared. These methods extract features in lung nodule images with a signal processing technique and classify nodule candidates by using pattern matching based on statistics or a machine learning method such as the k-nearest neighbor algorithm (k-NN) and neural networks. By combining six computer-aided diagnosis algorithms, they obtained detection sensitivities of N \% and N \% at N and N false positives per scan in Free Receiver Operating Characteristics (FROC) curve, respectively. In recent years, spurred by the large amounts of available data and computational power, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has outperformed state-of-the-art techniques in several computer vision applications _cite_ . This is because CNN can be trained end-to-end in a supervised fashion while learning highly discriminative features, thus removing the need for handcrafting nodule feature descriptors. Setio, et al. _cite_ used a CNN specifically trained for lung nodule detection. On N scans of a publicly available dataset (the dataset is the same as we use in this study.), their method reached high detection sensitivities of N \% and N \% at N and N false positives per scan in FROC curve, respectively. Dou et al. _cite_ proposed a method employing ND CNNs for false positive reduction in automated pulmonary nodule detection from volumetric CT scans. Lung nodule classification is a class imbalanced problem, as nodules are found with much lower frequency than non-nodules. In other words, many irregular lesions that are visible in CT images are non-nodules, such as blood vessels or ribs. In the class imbalanced problem, conventional classifiers tend to be overwhelmed by the majority class and ignore the minority class. Several approaches have proposed to deal with the problems in the rare medical diagnosis _cite_, detection of oil spills in satellite radar images _cite_ and the detection of fraudulent calls _cite_ . Japkowicz _cite_ showed that oversampling the minority class and subsampling the majority class are both very effective methods of coping with the problem. Chawla et al. _cite_ proposed SMOTE (Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique) algorithm that is artificially creating minor class and randomly sub-sample majority class. Kubat and Matwin _cite_ proposed a one-sided selection method that keeps all minor class samples and subsamples the majority class samples. Sun et al. _cite_ reviewed comprehensively the class imbalanced problems. As one method to cope with the class imbalanced problem in lung nodule classification, we propose a filtering method to take off majority class samples from test dataset. Our method is completely different from previous methods. It positively utilizes deterioration of classification performance caused by class imbalance learning. We call such classifiers as single-sided classifiers because it filters out majority class samples only. The single-sided classifier consists of a CNN that outputs nodule probability and a filter that removes the majority class samples by using a threshold in nodules probability. It has two kinds of outputs: the obvious non-nodules and suspicious nodule candidates. To implement such classifiers, the CNNs are trained with an inversed imbalanced dataset consisting of many nodule images and a few non-nodule images. By “inverse” we mean that the ratio of the number of nodules and non-nodules is reversed against the original dataset. As the results, the single-sided classifiers work well for nodule samples, but not work well for non-nodule samples. By using a threshold operation in nodule probability, the non-nodule samples are classified into obvious non-nodules and suspicious nodule candidates. In addition, the single-sided classifiers are concatenated in cascade arrangement. The obvious non-nodules are dismissed and assigned zero probability, the suspicious nodule candidates are passed to the down-stream classifiers. This filtering mechanism contribute to false positive reduction. Figure _ref_ shows an illustration of our method. The obvious non-nodules (white circles) are filtered out at each stage, finally suspicious nodule candidates (gray circles) remain. The aim of our method is not to balance the number of samples in majority and minority class, we just want to filter out what is a nodule without any doubt. In the final stage, the CNN trained by a balanced dataset extracted from the suspicious nodule candidates calculate nodule probabilities. By “balanced” we mean that the number of nodules is almost equal to the number of non-nodules. We rely on the CNNs which have excellent classification ability to calculate nodule probabilities of suspicious nodule candidates. As the result, our method can achieve low false positives. It helps decreasing the burden of image interpretation on radiologists.