Over the past several years, deep neural networks have been widely and successfully applied to computer vision tasks such as image segmentation, object detection, and image super resolution, by demonstrating better performance than state-of-art methods when large amounts of datasets are available. For medical imaging tasks such as lesion detection and region-of-interest (ROI) quantification, obtaining high-quality diagnostic images is essential. Recently the neural network method has been applied to inverse problems in medical imaging _cite_ . During network training, images reconstructed from high dose or long-scanned duration are needed as training labels. However, collecting large amounts of training labels is not an easy task: high-dose computed tomography (CT) has potential safety concerns; long-scanned dynamic PET is not employed in routine clinical practice; in cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), it is impossible to acquire breath-hold and fully sampled ND images. With limited amounts of high-quality patient datasets available, overfitting can be a potential pitfall: if a new patient dataset does not lie in the training space due to population difference, the trained network cannot accurately recover unseen structures. In addition, low-quality images are often simulated by artificially downsampling the full-dose/high-count data, which may not reflect the real physical conditions of low-dose imaging. This mismatch between training and the real clinical environment can reduce the network performance. Apart from using training pairs to perform supervised learning, a lot of prior arts focus on exploiting prior images acquired from the same patient to improve the image quality. The priors can come from temporal information, different physics settings, or even other imaging modalities . They are included into the maximum posterior estimation or sparse representation framework using pre-defined analytical expressions or pre-learning steps. The pre-defined expressions might not be able to extract all the useful information, and the pre-learnt model might not be optimal for the later inverse-problem optimization as no data-consistency constraint is enforced during pre-learning. Ideally the learning process should be included inside the inverse-problem solving process. Recently, the deep image prior framework proposed in shows that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can learn intrinsic structure information from the corrupted images based on random noise input. No prior training pairs or learning process are needed in this framework. The ability of neural networks to learn the structure information is also revealed in generative adversarial networks (GANs), where various distributions can be generated based on random noise input. These prior arts show that the network itself can be treated as a regularizer, and it is possible to train a network without high-quality reference images. Furthermore, it has been shown in conditional GAN works that when the input is not random noise, but the associated prior information, the prediction results can be improved. Inspired by the prior arts, we propose a new framework to solve inverse problems in medical imaging based on learning personalized representation. The personalized representation is learnt through a deep neural network with prior images of the same patient as network input. ADMM algorithm was employed to decouple the inverse-problem optimization and network training steps. Modified ND U-net was employed as the network structure. The total number of trainable parameters for the network is about N million, which is less than the unknowns in the original inverse problem. PET is a molecular imaging modality widely used in neurology studies _cite_ . The image resolution of current PET scanners is still limited by various physical degradation factors _cite_ . Improving PET image resolution is essential for a lot of applications, such as dopamine neurotransmitter imaging, brain tumor staging and early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease. For the past decades, various efforts are focusing on using MR or CT to improve PET image quality _cite_ . In this work, anatomically guided brain PET image reconstruction and denoising are employed as two examples to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. The main contributions of this work include: (N) proposing to employ the patient's prior images as network input to construct a personalized representation; (N) embedding this personalized representation in complicated inverse problems to accurately estimate unknown images; (N) proposing a ADMM framework to decouple the whole optimization into a penalized inverse problem and a network training problem; (N) demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed framework using clinical brain imaging applications.