Signature Verification (SV) systems are used to automatically recognize whether the signature provided by an user actually belongs to the individual who he/she claims to be. Therefore, these systems are useful in many real-world applications, such as credit card transactions or document authentication. Specifically, the problem of automatic Handwritten Signature Verification (HSV) can be defined as follows: given a learning set containing genuine signatures of a set of users, a model is trained to classify the signatures as genuine or forgeries. Genuine signatures are those that really belong to the indicated user; in turn, forgeries are those created by other people _cite_ . The signatures to be verified by the HSV systems can be acquired in two ways: offline (static) and online (dynamic) . In offline SV, the signature is acquired after the writing process is completed. In this case, the signature is treated as an image. On the other hand, in online verification, a device is used to collect data as it is produced. So, online models can obtain additional information from the users during writing to perform the verification, such as the position or slope of the pen, or the writing pressure _cite_ . Another important point that deserves to be highlighted when dealing with the HSV problem is the model's user horizon. If a model is trained for each user, the system is called writer-dependent (WD) . In this case, initially, a training set is constructed as follows: genuine signatures of the tested user are treated as positive instances and signatures from other users as negative. Next, a binary classifier is trained for each user. Although WD systems achieve good results for the HSV task, requiring a classifier for each user increases the complexity and the cost of the system operations as more users are added _cite_ . On the other hand, HSV systems used to classify signatures of any available user in the dataset are known as writer-independent (WI) systems. In this context, a single model is trained for all users from a dissimilarity space. Thus, the classification inputs are vectors of dissimilarity, which represent the difference between the features of a queried signature and a reference signature of the user. When compared to the WD approach, WI systems are less complex, but in general obtain worse results _cite_ . Recently, Hafemann et al. _cite_ proposed an approach to deal with the offline HSV problem that uses concepts from both WI and WD systems. The approach carries out feature learning from the signature images in a WI format, using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) called SigNet. After being trained, the CNN is used to extract representative features from the signatures, which are used to train a writer-dependent Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier for each writer. Their results showed a significant improvement in performance when compared to the previous state-of-the-art methods. The main objective of this paper is to investigate whether the deep CNN features learned by the Hafemann et al. model _cite_ (available online) can also lead to good results in a writer-independent HSV context. To this end, it is proposed the use of dichotomy transformation _cite_ combined with an SVM as a writer-independent classifier to perform the signature verification. The following points will be analyzed: (i) which partial decisions fusion rule is the best (functions max, mean, median and min are tested) . (ii) The influence of the number of signatures used in the reference set. (iii) A comparison with other studies from the literature. The experiments are carried out using the GPDS and the Brazilian PUC-PR datasets. The remaining of this paper is organized as follows: Section _ref_ presents the related work on signature verification, separating WD and WI approaches. Section _ref_ details the proposed method, and Section _ref_ describes the used experimental protocol and the discussion of the results. Lastly, Section _ref_ concludes the paper and discusses future works.