Due to the tremendous growth in automated secured systems; the security and privacy of personal information has become one of the most critical and challenging task of the present day world. Even the most common personnel security mechanisms like password or PINs, card and biometrics have appeared to be insufficient in addressing the challenges of identity frauds. Passwords or PINs are easily stolen and forgotten, cards are easily duplicated and lost whereas biometric traits suffer from the privacy assault and non-revocable issues. It simply means, if a biometric is compromised, it is rendered worthless, just like a password or PINs. In such circumstances, replacement of a biometric trait with new template is not reasonable because biometrics is permanently associated with an individual and cannot be replaced even if compromised. Thus, to protect biometric data from external attacks or privacy invasion, the concept of cancelable biometrics has been introduced as depicted in Fig. _ref_ . In particular, cancelable biometrics is a feature transformation where instead of storing the original biometric, it is transformed using a non-reversible function. In this way, it is computationally difficult to reconstruct the original biometric from a transformed one. Several biometric template protection schemes have been well proposed in the literature. However in terms of comparison, biometric solutions are more reliable and successful for authenticating an individual than passwords or card based mechanisms because they carry unique biological information of an individual. Hence, due to the usability merit, biometrics are increasingly replacing conventional PINs, cards in many modern security applications. One of the most popular biometric traits used in security systems are fingerprint, iris and face. Unfortunately, they have several trait specific drawbacks that pose limitation to their usages in low level security applications. For instance, occlusion and reflection affects the iris, poor quality and social acceptance related issues for fingerprint, as well as pose, expression, and aging for face recognition. Nevertheless, the good performance of finger knuckle print represents a recent trend in this field. In literature, most of the studies _cite_ are based on major finger-knuckle-print (FKP) as a biometric-trait. But recently, several papers have reported systems using upper and lower minor finger knuckle _cite_ and nail _cite_ that have certainly shown great potential to augment FKP for better performance. In this work, we have examined major finger knuckle, upper minor knuckle and nail which is together coined as in the literature _cite_ just as a novel case study, majorly because its cancellability has not been studied at all. However, we have experimentally observed, that the proposed technique is equally applicable to other biometric traits like iris, face or fingerprints. The convex shape lines and creases on finger dorsal surface are very distinctive and permanent to everyone and are easily collectible using low-resolution imaging cameras. These features are invariant to emotions, aging effects and are naturally preserved to injuries and excessive usages (unlike fingerprints) because they exist on the outer side of finger. With such tremendous benefits, it motivates us to work over the problem of finger knuckle template protection. Related Work: The security and privacy issues of biometric templates have been emerged as an important problem, especially when the databases are centrally accessed or networked. The various approaches on biometric template protection have been devised since last N years. Out of which, non-invertible transformation methods are more robust and maintain recognition performance too. In this context, the first ever work on biometric template security was given by _cite_, in which they discussed some important aspects of biometrics security threats and privacy invasion. In another study _cite_, the authors defined non-invertible transformation for constructing fingerprint templates. In _cite_, the fingerprint minutiae based rotation and translation invariant features were used to generate alignment free cancelable templates. Likewise in _cite_, a registration free method for constructing cancelable fingerprint templates by using non-irreversible transformation known as curtailed circular convolution was introduced. In _cite_, authors presented an irreversible representation of fused features of face and iris biometrics to improve the privacy protection compared to a single feature. In another work _cite_, a cancelable iris recognition system based on feature learning and N stage Bio-Hashing scheme was developed. With no pre-alignment _cite_, authors proposed to exploit zoned minutia feature into non-invertible fingerprint representation by using partial DFT (Discrete Fourier transform) . In _cite_, authors presented a cancelable multi-biometric systems in which fused features of fingerprint and finger vein are transformed into common template by using enhanced partial discrete Fourier transform. To the best of our knowledge _cite_ is the only paper in which CNN is used to learn robust binary representation of deep face features which are further hashed using cryptographic method known as SHA-N _inline_eq_ . The major open issues in knuckle biometrics are the lack of robustness against outdoor illumination, low image quality, inconsistent ROI segmentation and poor matching between weaker texture regions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that efforts have been made to introduce finger dorsal modality as cancelable biometric template, where the CNN (proposed FDFNet) based domain specific biometric features of a finger dorsal modality are transformed using a well known Bio-hashing technique _cite_ . Apart from major and minor finger knuckles, we have worked over nail which has not been used till now. The matching performance of our method revealed that the obtained bio-hashed finger dorsal templates have properties like non-invertibility, diversity, and revocability to be consider as an ideal cancelable biometric template. This work can be regarded as a preliminary work for investigating the potential of deep-learning in generating cancelable templates. Model Justification: In this problem, we cannot train a deeper CNN because we don't have a large training data of finger dorsal samples. Therefore, we utilized the domain knowledge to learn finger dorsal domain specific features, so that we can get most discriminative knuckle features. In proposed FDFNet, most of the filters in convolution layers are fixed (non-trainable) so as to learn domain knowledge as much as possible. This will lead to lesser trainable parameters only for fully connected layers. On the other hand, if we select pre-train VGG and ResNet models to extract features, then their fine tuning was very difficult and they got over-fitted very soon. Hence, we have proposed a light CNN model known as FDFNet. This model learns trait specific features using CNN filters based on local adaptive procedures such as LBP (Local Binary Patterns), BOP (Bubble ordinal pattern) _cite_ etc., to improve the textural strength and handle illumination variations. The remainder of the article is organized into following five main sections: Section N describes the proposed cancelable biometric system which include feature extraction n/w, data augmentation, template generation and transformation. In section N. the experimental results are presented. Next, we discussed on the various aspects of security analysis. Finally, conclusion is drawn in last section.